---
student name: Anand Gangu Bajari
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Current situation
session time: 2026-01-19 03:26:20
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What are you doing now?
Student (0:01-1:18): Now I am in DT means Deshpande educational trust. Currently I am building my skills. It means where helps to skills means working place. When I will going to work on means MNC and that's why if you want to work in MNC you have to you should have skills.
That's why I am I am I came here to build my skills. I am now I am working on my dream. and giving more time to English because of English is a mandatory global language nowadays. if you know English, the company will hire you and if you good at in English communication, the company will give you more best salary and more good position. That's why I am here to I am here now I am here to working on my dream. I am working hard of because of I want to become a good employees of staying good and that's why I'm here.
Interviewer (1:18-1:20): How do you spend your time these days?
Student (1:20-2:09): This day I am spending time with my friends, and more time I have spent in day. I usually Listening English speeches and English stories because of which helps to build increase my confidence in English, which helps to easy way to, which helps to help to my English communication. I usually listening and usually speaking with my friends. It doesn't matter it's right or wrong, but I want to speak my friends. I am always speaking with my friends in English. This is my and nowadays I have I have spent more time and I will spend more time.
Interviewer (2:09-2:11): What are you learning or practicing now?
Student (2:11-3:19): हूं आई एम लर्निंग हियर टू हाउ टू स्पीक इंग्लिश वेरी वेल एंड आई एम प्रैक्टिसिंग हियर टू हाउ टू मैनेज इंग्लिश इन फ्रंट ऑफ अदर्स हाउ टू हैंडल अदर पर्सन इन इंग्लिश एंड हाउ टू वर्क ऑन माय वर्क ऑन माय ड्रीम दीस ऑल थिंग्स आई एम प्रैक्टिसिंग हियर एंड इंडीड आई हैड लॉट ऑफ अपॉर्चुनिटी इट विल हेल्प्स टू इंक्रीज माय स्किल एंड बिल्ड माय स्किल्स आई विल आई विल नेवर फॉरगेट दिस आई विल नेवर फॉरगेट डीटी बिकॉज ऑफ इट इट हैज गिवन मी अ लॉट ऑफ चांस टू बिल्ड माय स्किल्स एंड लॉट ऑफ लॉट ऑफ मोमेंट इट हैज गिवन अ लॉट ऑफ मोमेंट नॉन मेमोरेबल मेमोरेबल मोमेंट इट हैज गिवन एंड इट विल आल्सो गिव आई हैव टू मंथ मोर टू मोर मंथ्स एंड आई विल प्रैक्टिसिंग आईटी स्किल्स अ एंड आई एम प्रैक्टिसिंग हाउ टू क्रैक एग्जाम इन एमएनसी एग्जाम एंट्रेंस एग्जाम लाइक एमकट लाइक दैट
Interviewer (3:19-3:21): What job are you looking for now?
Student (3:21-3:56): I am looking for MNC jobs and I want to start my career from MNC because of it will helps my future. And it will helps to build my skills. I don't know how I work but if I work in MNC which is helps to grow my career some obstacles here it obstact it means obstacles or my it will helps to obstacles in my career.
