---
student name: Anand Gangu Bajari
topic: General talk
activity name: Travel
session time: 2026-01-05 02:50:36
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Do you like travelling?
Student (0:01-0:44): Do you like travel? Yes, I do like not really, but I like traveling because of traveling gives me happy and it's helps to forget my pain. And when you're going to travel, it will give you a natural feel like you are mingle with nature, right? That's why it's gives natural feel. And it will increase your wisdom. When you are going, when you are traveling, it it will helps for you and it will increase your wisdom. That's all, that's why I like travel.
Interviewer (0:44-0:47): Where did you go on your last holiday?
Student (0:47-1:56): I went to Satoori Falls, I stayed for only one days and it was beautiful and it was giving me good uh travel feel. When when I go there and when I ride my with my when I go there with my bike, it was good feeling. And I felt like oh travel is and this place is good. Why why I am not came here? Why I why I what means my means it means why I am for reject this place? I thought like that then when I was visit that place it's it's wonderful that that was wonderful feeling to me and that place I don't have any words to describe that place. That much it's good.
Interviewer (1:56-1:57): Which is your dream destination?
Student (1:58-2:52): My dream destination is Ayodhya. I want to go because there is Ram Mandira and lot of historical place in their Ayodhya. Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh, I would like to see because of the Ram Mandira sculpture Mandira and this temple one of the big temple and not famous temple for Hindu. That's why I want to go there and I will take I will take a bless and I want to go there. If I if I if I got any if I get any chance, I will travel there definitely.
Interviewer (2:52-2:53): Who do you like travelling with?
Student (2:54-3:55): I like traveling with my friends because when I was traveling with me he was supporting me and we enjoy more and then I have one more trip and I will go with him I will enjoy with him and we will reach sandalwood people sandalwood actors also that's why I would like to go with him and I want to explore lot of places and I have I have I have given him one chance to join me. He will join, he will join with us and we will go both and reach our destination and we will enjoy our life.
Interviewer (3:55-3:57): What do you like doing on vacation?
Student (3:57-5:06): on vacation I like to traveling. Traveling gives me positives and I enjoy traveling, explore new things, visit new historical place. When I visit historical place, it makes me happy and it gives feel positive. I usually uh go to historical place because of I have curiosity to know about historical temples. That's why I usually go to historical place and I will go to out of out of country means you have lot of historical place in out of country also. That's why I have one plan to visit historical place out of country. Let's see. Uh when I get chance, I will definitely visit out of country's historical place. That's it.
