---
student name: Anand Gangu Bajari
topic: Career Goals
activity name: Short-Term Goals
session time: 2026-01-08 02:58:24
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you want to learn for your job?
Student (0:01-0:45): I want to learn I need to settle our mindset with positive way how to career in the first job and what I what I can help me what I will I will what I could I what I could learn there I will learn and grab there any knowledge I am eager to learn this will help me to set my career and build my skills. when I build my skills it will help for me only me only when I know and when I have when I have better skills it will helps to get job to me.
Interviewer (0:45-0:47): What skill do you want to improve for work?
Student (0:47-1:34): I want to improve my communication and technical skills practicing to build skill like communication and technical skills when I when I 100% first rate in communication, I will definitely select interview and I will be going to work like MNC companies without And I will give my best when I know 100% and I know very well and I have communication team I will give I will be going to give my 100% and I will be working on means.
Interviewer (1:34-1:35): What are you doing now to reach your goal?
Student (1:35-2:12): I am preparing uh by English speaking assessment, English uh listening videos which are helpful. Build and improve my confidence and I am working on English vocabularies and how to make sentence without fear and how to speak without fear in front of uh people and I can I can handle uh one topic without fear, I can give uh knowledge one okay, I can give knowledge about one topic without fear in English.
Interviewer (2:12-2:13): What small goal are you working on now?
Student (2:13-2:58): A small goal for me is uh fluency in English and I'm focus on improving English communication skill which helps get job for me and when you have English communication skill it will helps to uh get a place on and after get place in you you will be going work there and learning lot of skills in their in that place and you can settle your life and you can if you I go to know knowledge it will helps to me and it will uh it will confidence of my career.
