---
student name: Anand Gangu Bajari
topic: Career Goals
activity name: My Next Step
session time: 2026-01-07 02:45:19
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you want to do next?
Student (0:01-0:45): I want to do next one means job. When I get job I will support my family and I I can purchase what I want. It will helps to survive me like independently and and something I have something would plan that plans when I get job that and when I get job it will fulfill my plans dreams as make positive mind and make me to what I expect to do next my future it will helps to me.
Interviewer (0:45-0:46): What are you planning to do after this course?
Student (0:47-1:58): After this course, I plan to uh, if if I get job, I will join and I will work on that company. Uh, that company will pay me salary and I have some commitments. from with that salary I will teaching that and uh, it will help to uh, to my skills, build my skills, and uh, build my skills, I will get promotion, will get promotion. Promotion. Uh, sometimes will give me a positive mindset. Uh, I have a plan to start on good uh, business. Which which is helps to uh, increase and develop my financially. I want to start that type of business, right?
Interviewer (1:58-2:00): What kind of job are you looking for now?
Student (2:00-2:59): I am looking for a job in MNC. I want to work as a um In teammate and I work on I want to work as a MNC employee, what I know and what I know how to share my knowledge. I want to work with I want to They will scold us if I if I go there their way they will scold us and come this way security will security will scold us and and now I'm now I'm to which helps to uh increase and build my skills, improve my personality. I want to go that type of job.
Interviewer (2:59-3:00): Where do you want to start working?
Student (3:00-4:01): you want to start working in employer means I pay to my adult work environment which is helps to improve my skills, improve my knowledge and where I where where where which is which is give to value and motivate to work me and where where can employees will adjust their and will give their will give 100% in their work and they in means good environment where I can where where can where can I give where can I give 100% effort in my job, I can give this, definitely.
Interviewer (4:01-4:02): What is your first goal?
Student (4:02-5:27): My first goal is to uh become a district commissioner. That's why I took uh Bachelor of Arts. Then want to begin by that type I studied hard, but uh sometimes I felt so it's not for me. Who want to become a decision, they have a lot of money. I don't have a lot of money and my family members are not okay with the with my uh decision. That's why I took uh one the great uh decision to this is uh join DET. I'm now happy, I'm now happy now. Happy now and uh there is a lot of opportunity in DET. And really I am proud to join here. Definitely I will it will helps to increase our communication. I have I have improved here a lot of I have seen lot of improving in me. That's why I have guarantee I will speak the I will speak uh not fluently but I will speak uh okay. That's why I am happy with DET.
