---
student name: Anjali Omkar Dhule
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Basic Introduction
session time: 2026-01-19 05:13:47
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What is your name? Where are you from?
Student (0:02-0:41): आई एम अंजलि आई एम फ्रॉम बीदर आई एम ए पॉजिटिव थिंकर क्विक लर्नर आई हैव कंप्लीटेड बैचलर ऑफ कॉमर्स आई एम फ्रॉम बीदर आई केम फ्रॉम रूरल फैमिली माय फादर इज बिजनेसमैन मदर इज हाउस वाइफ सिस्टर इज स्टडींग एंड ब्रदर इज स्टडींग माय नेटिव प्लेस मोस्ट फेमस इन श्रीरामेश्वर फंक्शन एंड मोस्ट फेस्टिवल सेलिब्रेशन इन दशहरा फेस्टिवल्स सेलिब्रेशन एंड वेरी इवन फाइव टू सिक्स डेज दशहरा सेलिब्रेशन इज वेरी ब्यूटीफुल
Interviewer (0:41-0:44): How old are you / What stage of life are you in?
Student (0:44-1:36): I am 22 years old. I have completed bachelor of commerce 2024 years. I recently come in the S skilled in Hubali because I improve my English communication how to talk with some others how to understand and my confidence is not well this how to improve my confidence and stay I stay fear not good how to improve my stay not how talking some not coming stay here me how to in everyone understanding how to talk in someone and most important how to English communication speak how to everyone understanding the speaking. I come to this skilled.
Interviewer (1:36-1:37): Who do you live with?
Student (1:37-2:22): I live with my family. My family is a rural family includes me. My family my father is a businessman. My daughter is housewife. Two sister is studying and one brother is studying. I stay in a hostel. First time I stay in a hostel because my father is because like this children see is learning and independent independent day you live with not anyone stay you have only.

Independence you earn in the money. So because this way my father is very helpful to everyone my sisters and brothers. I stay in a hostel. I am learning in skills education.
Interviewer (2:22-2:24): Share something interesting about you
Student (2:24-3:01): So I enjoy the every moment. I love my family. I am interested in I'm interested in traveling, exploring and sometimes creating I help my mother and sometimes going playing the games interest and motivation songs, motivation movies. And one special things about me. I help my mother. My mother always me told you help. I help my mother. My special things. I always everyone help.
