---
student name: Ashwini Shahurao Mane
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2025-12-22 04:51:14
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:19): I studied in Bachelor of Science. I completed uh in 2025. My major subject is Physics and Math.
Interviewer (0:19-0:22): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:22-0:40): I study at physics and mathematics subject. I completed my course 2025. I went to come here, I learn two new skills.
Interviewer (0:40-0:42): Why did you choose this course?
Student (0:42-2:39): I like science. I chose this course because I want to be learn science by science and what I should have the science in our life. And I was interested in the science because I think how to light, how to use light, how to people are more than people use the lights, waves and I wanted to learn because they are more than exciting and I also love that's science subjects. And I feel so good physics physics practical. They teach me how to create a light, how to how to increase light, like monocrop monocromatic waves and different different colors lights are there. I like that's like thermometer measuring and measuring types and I like how to electrons. How to create electrons, how to create lights. That's why I want to learn that much subject and also I creating creating in a lab, what should do light measure thermometers how to should work this main subjects. So that's why I am taking it.
Interviewer (2:39-2:41): What skills have you learned?
Student (2:41-3:18): I learn how to create light. Because light electrical machines and they created monochromatic wave different different colors. And I improved my thermometers, how to measure thermometers in a human being. I gain experience in this electric wave. And then that's why I like physics. That's why I'm more than interested in physics.
Interviewer (3:18-3:20): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (3:20-4:41): Yes, yes. My education helped me lights and thermometer how to use thermometer, how to use light and how to make uh usually lights and uh colors. I, I can use my skills to my home and the human being that's also. And uh electrical sides and current I also use myself because I help my parents lights, how to lights and how to great lights, how to using this lights and uh how to use thermometer, how to use water, how what is the wave, what are the wave and that's much I prepare for me. And my future is not mine, every all people, people is like electrical. So that's why I am learning this.
