---
student name: Ashwini D
topic: General talk
activity name: Interests
session time: 2025-12-24 05:00:00
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What's your favourite hobby?
Student (0:01-0:42): My favorite hobby is writing books and reading books. Um because while writing the books I learn, I enjoyed in sometimes I sometimes I feel bad that time also I reading books and writing books. It give me happiness because while reading the books we know about the other stories and we build our vocabulary and and something new topic we learn while reading books. Uh and then writing books also improve our writing skill and communication skill.
Interviewer (0:42-0:45): Do you read books? What is your favourite book?
Student (0:45-1:28): As I read the books, I read many bookses. But I did not read the English books because I did not like. I like only Kannada books. That's why I read only Kannada books. Recently I read Mukhajja Kanusugalu. That is written by Shivaram Karanth. And that is my and one of the my favorite book is Amma Helida Heṭṭu Sulu. That is my favorite books because everyone know mother is a very emotional to everyone. That's why I love that book. And I whenever I free, I also read the book. Thank you.
Interviewer (1:28-1:30): What is your favourite movie?
Student (1:30-2:07): My favorite movie is Zero to Hero and then some Kannada movies are there. I usually watch Kannada movies. Sometimes I watch as Hindi movies, rarely watches the English movie. I like Kannada movies because my mother tongue is Kannada, that automatically understand and and it gives happiness and entertainment also. And I learn some of the values leadership of the film.
Interviewer (2:07-2:08): Who is your favourite actor?
Student (2:08-2:23): My favorite hero is or actor is rocking star. Because he did not give up any situation, any task, they do on time that's why I like that character.
Interviewer (2:23-2:26): What is your favourite mobile application?
Student (2:26-3:12): My favorite app is Instagram, WhatsApp and one app is there that notes app because whenever I make schedule or anything I usually write notes that time what what in mind what in my mind come that's immediately I write in that notes app because it helped me whenever I writing the books and sometimes I whenever someone told me that this book is very nice and beautiful you must try once that time I don't have any book that I while I using that app that app is very useful to us.
