---
student name: Ashwini Shahurao Mane
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-21 03:05:58
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-0:41): I am Ashwini. I like sports. I am from Vidharba district. I have completed my bachelor of science in 2025. person I am hard working time management. I know. more friend but when a friend we have closer. then we have to Enjoy our life when enjoy our life and then we have to concentrate ourselves.
Interviewer (0:41-0:43): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (0:43-1:24): I enjoy my life in free time. I have so many friends, but I have limited close friend in my life. Then we have to conduct new information, we have to proceed our life what to what can I do then I like reading books, listening music then I have to promote our things in front of friends. We have to enjoy and go to the travelling peaceful then we have to this is my life.
Interviewer (1:24-1:26): What is important to you in your life?
Student (1:27-2:32): First of all, my family is important because they know me connection, they have to more emotion. They have some resources. Learning is important because we want to get a success in a life for me. Then knowledge, skills is very important. Confident is very important. Discipline time management is a very important in our life because we have to good job then we focusing those skills. And then life enjoying is very important, independent life is very important. And then sports also then talking communication with our friends friends also very important, our family also very important, then some new friends also very important different of others clearly more than naturally. I feel good and this that's it.
Interviewer (2:32-2:34): What kind of person are you?
Student (2:34-4:21): Hi, I am a very calm person. I am a very positive, talkative person. I am a calm person then I am a friendly person to talk with friends, strangers, family, kids I don't know clearly. Then I have to, we have to imagine that what kind of person because we have to imagine ourself how I am then how to how to promote front of others our emotions like creative minds calm is positive minds then we have to explanation is very clearly in ourself because other people listening us, other people listening us we have to we have to interaction more clearly and then if we go to other places then you have to talk very smoothly and very natural ways then introduce is very important because first impression is last impression we have to others and friends.
Interviewer (4:21-4:23): What should people know about you?
Student (4:23-5:21): People should know that I am a good person. I don't know clearly what is their thinking, what is those people thinking but I know about my family, family is thinking very kind person very natural and very good person and I have a very good heart. I have a very family person then my friends also know me what I. That's it I know about me.
