---
student name: Ashwini Shahurao Mane
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-19 03:24:33
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-1:03): I am Ashwini. I like sports, play game, listening music, reading books in in my free time also. I like traveling also. I am from Beda district. I have completed my Bachelor of Science 2025. I am a good person, I am a positive person. I learning L Deshpande skills center some skills like English communication skills, reasoning, aptitude skills and basic computer knowledge. Then I learning processing. I am a manage a time. Then I like driving also, plays also.
Interviewer (1:03-1:05): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (1:06-1:44): I am enjoying play game, listening music, reading books, talking with my friends. Then sometimes I sleep because I sleep also I like then sleep is very important in our life. I like to more, more, more play games with my friends. And sometimes I travelling. Sometimes I studying also.
Interviewer (1:44-1:47): What is important to you in your life?
Student (1:47-3:29): Then first of all important in my life, my goals, my hobbies, my dreams.
Then I am, I love myself more than because this is a my life, this is a my journey.
Then family is important because they supports me, they teaches me how to do.
Then family is important because they have more emotions then connect the journeys.
Learning is important because to get a success for me.
Then success is important because I want a respect in my life, I want money then I have some dreams, I want to job in my life.
I want independent become in my life, I want independent woman.
I didn't I don't depend on my family then I have to some personal dreams like traveling another places I like visiting temples in only my in depend on self only not a family, not a brothers, not friends.
That's it.
Interviewer (3:29-3:31): What kind of person are you?
Student (3:31-5:24): I am a good person, I am a calm person then I am a friendly person also I am a hard-working then I like to talking with other people, I like to sharing our knowledge, I like to discussing about studies work then how you are going travelling I like then I enjoying with the talking strangers people, then we have to more knowledge sharing about the other other people we should we should express our emotion, we should talking about our country other country some places some temples I like to that then I am a good listener because I like front of the person listen the their own words, their feelings understanding then I want to build my skills learning knowledge purpose also and talking purpose also because reading purpose also, reading purpose compare to talking purpose, we learn more.
Then we have to remember that word.
That's it.
And I am friendly person because I like to talk friend friendly nature because front of the person is comfortable you talk to friendly, that's why that's it about me.
Interviewer (5:24-5:26): What should people know about you?
Student (5:26-6:06): People should know that I am a good person. Some people know me I am a bad person but for example my family, my friends my close friends, my school time, my college time also and some people strangers people also know about me then I'm a good person. Surely I don't know how to How to thinking about me that's why it's good.
