---
student name: Ashwini Shahurao Mane
topic: General talk
activity name: Family and relationships
session time: 2025-12-17 02:57:43
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Who is in your family?
Student (0:01-1:24): There are six members in my family. And these are my family. My parents, my parents, they always supporting me. My brother, and they also, and my sister also support me. They teach me, how to enjoy life. And my parents say, be careful your life. He teach me how to live your life best life, better life. And then, we are going to our school. Be very happy. Stay happy. And all the people are good. Spend your time in your life. Don't waste time. Respect other people.
Interviewer (1:24-1:26): Do you have brothers or sisters?
Student (1:26-1:57): Yes, I have one brothers. And I have two sisters. I have younger brothers and younger sisters. I am not the only child. So they are very every time they support me.
Interviewer (1:57-1:59): Which family member are you closest to? Why?
Student (1:59-2:42): My mother she's close to me. She's protecting me. She is caring me. She is understanding me. Always I problem. She's come and solve the problem and I I I kind I have so. She's help me. Always she is help me. I am close to my cute mother.
Interviewer (2:42-2:44): What does your mother/father do?
Student (2:44-3:27): My mother is a housewife. And my father works as a farmer. There are The vegetables and make vegetables and shift the marketing. And there are different different making the vegetables and that's through through the marketing and sells the vegetable. Yes, my father is a farmer.
Interviewer (3:27-3:29): What do you do together as a family?
Student (3:29-5:11): We watch TV, we go to travelling, it's a new temples, like new temples, like Nagadeva temples. Bhavani temples and we go the gardens, every new places, and we spend time together. Because I, we are my family, loving my family and family is very good. Because I think with my family. And my family will say like this, and I am together. And dinner together and I searching we are searching our things how to enjoy and how to spend time in a weekend. Yes I spend my family, my family are more than excited, my family enjoying and he is they are very excited. Very meaningful in my life.
