---
student name: Ashwini Shahurao Mane
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: Using My Skills in Real Situations
session time: 2026-01-22 03:06:14
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:03): Where do you use your skills in daily life or college?
Student (0:03-1:14): I used my skills when I get confused and I want some knowledge.
I use them at I face difficulties, challenges then we have to daily use our skills like communication skills, talking then smartly like physically, mathematically and then we have to use daily our knowledge because help us improve, grow and respectful.
Then we have to use our knowledge like time duration talk to others, talking to others then we have to use sharing our knowledge again some people want skills they don't have knowledge then we we can share this and this help us then we have to introduce more clearly we have to knowledge then introduce more clearly then we have to help we have to helping nature.
Interviewer (1:14-1:16): Tell me about a task you did well.
Student (1:16-2:17): In my college time my trainer was giving me one task like presentation task then seminar task I did it I completed my work easily confidently and clearly I handle it all the situation and I do it more confidently clearly and independently I do did it. First of all I practice it I hard work it then we have to presentation present in my front of friends front of trainers and I did it because I have a confident I have a knowledge I have a skills that time we are very popular. I did it well.
Interviewer (2:17-2:20): How do you usually complete any work given to you?
Student (2:20-3:08): I completed my work easily, confidently. first I get some knowledge and I working harding. Then I represent represented it. Then we have to confusion. I practice I read, I take some knowledge I I might be work did it and then we have to complete my work front of others.
Interviewer (3:08-3:10): What do you do when work is difficult?
Student (3:10-4:17): When it is a difficulty first of all I search it I understand it. Then I take one decision. I this work I divided it some small small paragraph topic writer then we have to searching internet more clearly I watching some videos short short topic short short notes. Then I have to write my book understanding hard working.
