---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2025-12-13 05:33:16
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-1:15): I studied business administration. Uh it's real it's all about business how to build business and how to build uh office uh office layout and I also studied accounting. It's really helpful for uh my future because I want to be a businessman. That's why it's very important to learn all business studies. And from PUC I uh I choose commerce. because commerce is very important in nowadays life. without knowing any business ideas, without knowing how to do business. I can't be a successful businessman. So I my decision before joining degree it's my decision to take to take business administration because it's really helpful in every sector. every every digital marketing also business. Every is a business so I choose business. And I studied about business.
Interviewer (1:15-1:17): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (1:17-2:15): study in my Kovempu University. It's a very beautiful university. That name Kovempu great author in Karnataka his name his name put it as university name. So that name the university is very friendly students they they are not very rude students. They are very lovable personalities in the city and many many students output many students in the for 1000 or 2000, 3000 people output from that university. So it's my good luck study in that famous university.
Interviewer (2:15-2:16): Why did you choose this course?
Student (2:16-3:09): administration course because in that course teach about how to build a business without any confusions and how to maintain financial balance and how to hire employees and it's also teach about lots of things about this. So that's why I choose business because I want to learn and I was interested in learning business. Because my my dream is to become a successful businessman in the world. So I choose business because it's really really it's my part. I my dream is business, so I choose business, business administration.
Interviewer (3:09-3:11): What skills have you learned?
Student (3:11-4:33): I learned communication skills and I improved my my thinking capacity and I gained experience in internship projects. and in that internship project, I learned how to deal with customer and how to interact with the customers and how to know about customers and different customers mindset. So, this you have two skills help for me now knowledge because before that internship, I didn't know how to deal with customer or how to deal with different mindset people. Now, I clearly know how to deal with people and how to deal with How to deal with dissatisfied, unsatisfied persons and how to deal with angry person. I know that from only internship projects. And in that internship time, I will know how how the how people's mindset are. uh that's my skill to learning about people's mindset and I learned I learned communication skills.
Interviewer (4:33-4:35): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (4:36-5:38): many education helps me for in the business and I can use my skills to build communication with the any peoples and it prepared me for how to maintain expenses my life also I can manage expenses and credits and debits So it really helps how to manage and how to handle or how to balance money and also give information about unnecessary unnecessary expenses in my life. So now I know a lot of things about offices expenses building expenses and many many many many many useful for me useful
