---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: What I Can Do
session time: 2026-01-13 05:25:23
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What kind of work can you do well?
Student (0:01-2:10): I can do any work, I'm doing for whatever.
Doing this sales because I'm really good at convincing.
So I can help you because I can convince the customers kindly easily with my words, with my strong words.
So
so I will be able to prove.
I will never going to leave.
Unstoppable, I'm unstoppable.
I can do anything, I'm unstoppable.
I am very good at doing nothing.
I'm very good at nothing doing, doing nothing.

What kind of work can you do best?
I'm very good at doing nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing.
What can I do?
I don't know, what can I do?
I'm comfortable with that, I don't know.
But I do work but which type of work, which type of work I'm comfortable, I don't know.
Don't ask me that type of questions.
Because I'm just a beginner.
So your question has to easy way, it's very unpronounceable way because interview is my first time, in my life it's the first time.
I passed all my exams, all my degrees, all my degree, all my exams I passed in one attempt, first attempt.
So I wish to pass interview also first attempt.

Within the first time.
So please help me ask me easy questions.
Interviewer (2:10-2:13): What tasks do you usually do without help?
Student (2:13-3:56): Uh without help I do tasks like mentally very creativity tasks I do creativity because my when I get uh situation my mind will think more 360 degree and I finding my mind is running to find unique activity unique answers. So, I'm very good at usually I don't help any any task because I believe in my help so, if if someone is there to help me I don't believe them or I don't depend on them because I don't know how they will react or how they will adjust me because I some people are not have that adjust adjust mindset. So, usually I don't take any help from others I believe in myself and I do my work with my own efforts and with my own mindset with my creativity and my own thinking. Thank you.

I am unstoppable. I am unstoppable. Resiliency in me I fall I will rise.
Interviewer (3:56-3:58): What do people ask you to help with?
Student (3:58-5:49): people ask me to help with many things because I'm very creative so I help with in very fine and with very humble because I knew that when we want help from others if we don't give proper reaction or if you can't give that or give that helping how we will feel I know that I felt I also that's why when some people come and asking for help I definitely help give them whatever I have I give them whatever I have ideas whatever I have thoughts whatever I know I'll teach them I'll help them so I mean this is about me so one one one time that one guy asked me to help with his English So how much I know how much I know the information knowledge about English I told him and I also teach him this grammatically and very aspects and he actually he learned some learned actually he learned from much more and he now he given competition to me So that type I give activation and help for others So it's by my birth
Interviewer (5:49-5:51): What is something you learned to do recently?
Student (5:52-7:31): I want to do my own business.
So, now I can do many of my family business before before the topic before this this one matter is knowing knowing me.
I go for everyone and I worried about their mistakes, I worried about their life, I worried about them.
Now, I when I realized only I can worried about them, but they are not worried about me.
So so from that moment, I change myself, I only worry my life and I worry about my thoughts and worried about my desires, needs.
So, I'm only available when I want to available them not not when they have to see me.
I only visible for them when I want to visible for them.
So, how I change myself.
So, I learned so many things about this about this.
So, is there anything wrong or right?
I don't know.
but I learned these things.
But I don't know I don't know.
Interviewer (7:31-7:33): What work do you feel confident doing?
Student (7:33-8:22): I feel confident doing any work. I can handle pressure. I can handle anything. I'll do it myself because So I feel confident doing work from home because because it's very comfortable and no worry about my food. No worry about my health because we have my home. My mother, my father, my sister are ready to worry about my health and food. So, I am feel confident doing in work from home. So give me that work from home. I will definitely, definitely do.
