---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Managing the Interview Conversation
activity name: Asking for Clarification
session time: 2026-01-22 05:13:11
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:03): What do you do if you don't understand a question?
Student (0:03-1:09): I don't understand the question. I will say no I don't understand because of the I don't have much much knowledge about that. And I don't know the exact information about the information or the topic. So I will ask for my needs to think about that matter. And I'll do whatever I want to. Why I have to tell you? Very difficult situation but I don't know how can I Can equation. Today 
 So tic tic one tic tic tock.
Interviewer (1:09-1:12): How do you ask someone to repeat a question?
Student (1:12-1:53): How do you ask someone? How do you I'm sorry sir to I will ask understand can you repeat that question sir you said I didn't get to answer my question and first I'm understand your question so I will ask it politeness and some more confident with smiling and holding smile on my face so it's like this I will be react.
Interviewer (1:53-1:56): What do you do if the question is confusing?
Student (1:56-2:43): If it is confusing it means not understandable so I can't answer this question because I don't have much of information or knowledge about this question so answering any unnecessary words So please ask me another question or really question because I can't understand the confusion, confusion.
Interviewer (2:43-2:45): How do you ask for more time to think?
Student (2:45-4:10): I will say, uh, I take a moment or I need some time, uh, please, uh, because I want to I have to think about, I have to think more information about that question. I know, I know the answer for this question, but I need some moment for remembering the answer. So if you allowed me, could you please allow me that time or I will not ask if you give me some times, if you give me some time, I'll definitely think and I'll definitely remember the answer and I will I would like to say in front of you. So just I will right. And uh it it gives some more positive way. Positive vibes for the thing HR. So HR is the convincing convincing my words because of in my words, in my voice there is some humbleness. Some politeness. So this type I will answer the questions.
Interviewer (4:10-4:12): Why is it okay to ask for clarification?
Student (4:12-5:21): Please it okay to ask for It is okay because because answering the question without knowing the without understanding the question So is it uh it is okay to ask one more time because if you know the we know the answer If you know the question answer Okay I will definitely answer the question with the right answer. So is it okay to ask once again the question? Without knowing the question without hearing the question if we talk and if we talk around if we give wrong information so it will become more serious and cringe in front of and in that we feel so embarrassed.
