---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: General talk
activity name: Interests
session time: 2025-12-13 05:21:11
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What's your favourite hobby?
Student (0:01-0:36): Hobby is pencil sketching. These times and I will do regularly sketching portraits and realistic drawings. And also my hobby is watching movies and series. I watch lots of series and Money Heist, Game of Thrones, and I like to watch science fiction movies and thriller series. Thank you.
Interviewer (0:36-0:39): Do you read books? What is your favourite book?
Student (0:39-1:03): Yes, sometimes I do if I books. Not so much but a little bit I read some books like story books. Inspirational books like uh manifestations and also I do Mahabharat book and my favourite book is Valmiki Ramayan.
Interviewer (1:03-1:05): What is your favourite movie?
Student (1:05-1:44): My favorite movie is Avengers Infinity War. I watched many times and I love the entry of Thor in Wakanda because it did very need after the movie that scene because everyone thought Thanos Thanos killed the Thor and when Thor comes with his new hammer it's really good moment. So I enjoyed that scene and I only watched that movie because of that Thor. Thank you.
Interviewer (1:44-1:45): Who is your favourite actor?
Student (1:45-2:46): if that actress from uh Tollywood is uh also called power star. I'm a fan of him because not not by his acting skills, not by his movies, blockbuster movies, no. But if I like him, because of his character, he is very kind person for his fans, and he's very, Uh, very introvert person. So that's why, his character he likes me. And I'm also like him, so I like his character, not by only acting skills. I'm very huge fan of Pawan. And I probably say that I'm a fan of him. It is it is my, it is my life biggest, decision.
Interviewer (2:46-2:48): What is your favourite mobile application?
Student (2:48-3:42): My favorite mobile application is Instagram because I love to scroll reels and I also gain some informative information from Instagram and it really it really grows my confidence because I watched only motivational videos or motivational podcast listening reels. So I'm also watching this interview question how to attend the interview questions. And also very important for me in my life because because scrolling Instagram reels is my cant be motivated because I know motivation is temporary but for temporary also I need more motivation that's why I use Instagram for only motivation purpose.
