---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Confidence reset
activity name: Personal identity and self expression
session time: 2026-01-08 05:21:41
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Describe a hobby you're passionate about and what makes it enjoyable for you
Student (0:01-1:22): I'm very impassionate about drawing because I'm very good at drawing and I also very enjoying for drawing. And I also very talented in portrait drawing and sketching face, shading and I'm very enjoying because when I'm doing the drawing, I become very passionate and You got to I become very concentrated on that drawing. So, I'm very good at drawing, I can be I want to be become talented person in that sector. So, I'm trying practicing all the time and when I starting to draw, I will set my time how to make it a plan. This part is have to complete in one day and this part have to complete in second day and this part is complete in third day. So, that's how I passionate in my drawing.
Interviewer (1:22-1:24): Share your favorite superhero and the qualities that appeal to you
Student (1:24-3:45): My favorite superhero is my father. Because he is very hard worker, he worked and he dedicated his life for us, me and my sister and my mother. He he the only person who worked for 20 years because we are not able to work. And my sister is also not able to work because we are child and my mother is also not able to work because she don't have that much of strength. So my father my father purchases every item and he buy that groceries and he he provides all our needs without any regret. Whatever we want, he will provide and he take care of my life very well and he is the and who are very accountable for him because he without him, I am nothing. I my when I need money, when I need dresses, when when I want to join new colleges or new schools, he paid all money. And he even in his struggling days in his health health struggling days, he didn't take any rest. He go he go for his work. And he wake up everyday at 7:00. In that in that cold weather he also going for going to his work and so he is my superhero in my family.
Interviewer (3:45-3:46): Tell us your favorite sport to watch and what fascinates you about it
Student (3:46-6:06): My favorite sport is football. My favorite player is Cristiano Ronaldo. Because of him I started to watch football. Because he is the world number one and greatest of all time in football. So because of his behavior, because of his discipline and because of his skills, talent, so I become his fan. So I started to watch sports. Nowadays football becomes my favorite sport and I really I really enjoy when I watch football matches. So it's it's very it's simple for looking, but when when we started to playing football it's become very tough. Because we have to we have to maintain the mutual respect between players. When when they when they intentionally triggered us, we have to be in silent. We have to maintain discipline. And So, in football players 11 players running behind the balls and kicking kicking the balls and they taking the balls into the opponents court and they kick the ball into net and when they kick into net net they will get score. So they will get one point for one goal. So if they any player misbehave with other teammate player, umpire will give yellow card and red card. So if umpire gives yellow card that means two minutes or three minutes for you will be out from the team. And if he got red card, he will out from the entire tournament or any two or three match he will be banned. So it's very attractive for me and it's my favorite sport.
Interviewer (6:06-6:07): Is there anything that makes you different from others?
Student (6:08-8:29): Yeah, I have so many things that makes me different from others and that is I'm thinking unique way. Uh if everyone thinks in normal way or easy way but if any task given to me or any responsibility or any activities given to me I will think unique way and it's in a funny way or it's in a more interesting way because I believe that if everyone is smiling when when I told any topics or when I explained any activities, they I will be more comfortable with them. So that makes me different from others and I also in in every second in every minute I I will be ready for anything. Uh I will take I will always I are always ready for taking up risk and I always ready for any anything to do for my career. So it these qualities makes me different from others. And I also have strong mind I don't get uh emotionally uh weak and I don't I don't do any any any unnecessary things or which and also don't talk bad bad words which are hurting others and I I will be very I am very humble person and I'm very comfortable person with everyone I so the these qualities makes me different because some people are not to be able to engage with others some people are not to be comfortable with others because of their different different different different mentality but I can adopt the adapt their I can adapt that situation in my mind and I also I can be flexible with them and I I can know that person thinking their mentality. So these qualities makes me different from others.
Interviewer (8:29-8:30): Introduce yourself in a unique way
Student (8:31-9:06): I am sharing everyone speak someone speak with words but I speak with I speak through lines colors shades as I'm drawing artist where I believe every drawing has a story and every blank paper is a new opportunity.
Interviewer (9:06-9:08): Share your preferred festival and why
Student (9:08-10:51): I prefer Christmas festival and that festival is full of joy, happiness and in it's a most celebratory festival in the whole world. So in that day everyone celebrate Christmas, every kids loves to celebrate Christmas. Because in that day no one have that no nothing is happen. This today we questions believe in that day our God born as a human form in earth. So in that day we are full of joyful, full of happiness. We filled with and in the in December month 25th is a month of cold and in the month of long nights. So we do carols visiting everyone house and sharing this cakes and sweets and doing prayers in family and singing some sacred songs and and burning crackers. So it's full so from my child that Christmas day is filled with lots of memories with my family and with my church fathers and pastor fathers and our beloved peoples and my friends.
