---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-12 05:27:52
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-1:24): Oh my God.
chara.
mai lag lagi hai.
wajib itni lagi hai.
I am from.
video.com ka district.
Dil nahin manis.
Padhai speed hai.
Padhai speed toh lagi.
kiya kiya karna hai.
Karna hai notice.
I am in your rate.
story.
You are problem solving opportunity.
Hum log sahi kar ke rakh rahe hain.
Aapka very good hai toh.
Sahi nahi hai.
Sister ka bhi itna hai.
Kya problem hai aur yahan par kya hua.
Sister wants in a business kar kar ke rakhega nahi.
Tumko kya kamai.
Aaj ka interview Pavitra.
So many awards and prizes.
Aap itna kaam nahin kar sakte.
Please maniye.
When we tell you to do you should do.
Kahaan nahin hain.
Humko kya nahin hai.
My ambitions in next future five years humko inch nahin hota hai company mein.
Aur phir ek baar aati hai position mein that company mein saikia.
Interviewer (1:24-1:26): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (1:26-2:36): I am enjoying watching movies and web series. I like to, I like to draw and uh. Yeah, I like to draw and I web series watching. And I always I love love to scroll Instagram reels because of some motivation, because it gives me motivation. So that's why I every time when I feel demotivated, I watch Instagram and. And see some motivational reels. And that time I will get motivated, fully motivated, fully recharge myself. And after that I feel like yeah, I'm good, I'm free, I will do anything and I do everything I can. Uh, if
I enjoy to watch movies web series and scrolling reels and I like to draw, etc.
Interviewer (2:36-2:38): What is important to you in your life?
Student (2:38-3:47): family and family is important because their support and their encouragement is very indeed. Because because without them I'm nothing. They teaching me how to live the life. And they also teach me how how to survive life without anyone help. And so because of them I'm here. And also in my life learning new skills, learning new language is important because we can survive any places if we know the knowledge, if we know have the skills, if we know different languages. So for me is education and are most important. Uh, I would like to say the family and education is important. So these two is very important in my life.
Interviewer (3:47-3:49): What kind of person are you?
Student (3:49-4:52): I am a kind and humble person because I I believe in that God sees our inner beauty our inner cleanness. So I always stay humble in front of God and in front of my enemies also I stay calm if they are doing wrong things to me I will stay calm because God will show that what is the cost of their mistakes. So I don't regret or I don't feel bad for the people I rather than I pray for them and I ask forgiveness to God please forgive them what they don't know what they are doing. So that so I am that type of man. So I am very comfortable with that and I very happy with that.
Interviewer (4:52-4:54): What should people know about you?
Student (4:54-5:08): What should people know about him? they don't know about me. I also don't wish to they have to know don't know about him.
