---
student name: Charan Chandru
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Current situation
session time: 2026-01-12 05:14:42
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What are you doing now?
Student (0:01-0:03): I'm doing nothing.
Interviewer (0:03-0:06): How do you spend your time these days?
Student (0:06-1:46): These days I spending my time. I don't know how my time, how my day is going, but earlier only after joining this training center I usually Don't you tell her that I've already my time is important to me to stay with feeling.
This week I have at 6:00.
After session completion and I can back to my work.
After working and my 10 morning session and after breakfast and after first block period, second block lab period first block and lunch break second first second block period and first second block period after evening session.
So I don't know how my time is running.
How fastly my days are spending.
But it's very good because in these days I get distracting other things because concentrating on my and that's why I spending my days very well and very happily.
Interviewer (1:46-1:49): What are you learning or practicing now?
Student (1:49-4:18): I'm learning R&D.
And I'm practicing R&D problems because I'm very bad at mathematics.
So, if I didn't try or if I didn't practice any problems or any one problem, I forget easily.
That's why I daily practicing R&D like coding, recoding, analogy, abstract puzzles
Some calculations, percentage, everything I'm practicing by with my pencil.
I take one waste paper and I write it down in that old problems or new problems which is given by trainers.
So, it means all questions in PDF and send it by sent my email or class teachers.
So, in that PDF PDF I take it that question and write it down in paper and try to solve the question.
And if I didn't succeed in solve the problem.
Again, I will go to my friends and ask them to help. I didn't understand, please teach me now. And they will teach me how to solve the problems.
And so this like I'll solve my problems and I'm practicing.
So, here also learning ICT.
Information to information communication technology.
So, I practicing typing also.
My typing speed is 25 per word per minute.
So, my target is 30 to 35 per minute.
So, I daily practicing in online typing and offline typing.
And I I'm using all my 10 fingers without seeing C keyboard.
So, it's beginning is really difficult to type. So, nowadays I'm feeling it's easy.
So, next one week or two week I definitely learn uh next level.
Interviewer (4:18-4:20): What job are you looking for now?
Student (4:20-5:24): I'm just looking for any job because situation I need only job. So I'm not looking for that type of or that type of job or that company you know I want only this company now I just need one job whatever that job or whatever that role I will do whatever I will put my 100% work and I will put my 100% all my hard work and my discipline all things. And if any work they assign me I'll give my 100% results 100% So in my mind there is no desires or expectation of job. So I can do anything any job any type of job.
