---
student name: Keerti Balappa Halalli
topic: General talk
activity name: Travel
session time: 2026-01-05 02:59:36
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Do you like travelling?
Student (0:01-0:21): Yes, I like traveling because when I go to the traveling, I my my mind is very happy and peaceful. Traveling with my friends, with my family when I go to the traveling I'm very happy that days. Thank you.
Interviewer (0:21-0:23): Where did you go on your last holiday?
Student (0:23-1:20): My last holiday is go to the temple with my family and my neighbor neighbors. We are going to the temple and we are preparing the some foods, delicious foods and some snacks. We are carry that all over foods we are reached to temple that temple is very peaceful. It's very nature is very beautiful. I like that temple remembering I remembering the that temple. It's very nice. We are my family and my neighbors enjoying the that moment. This is my last holiday go to the traveling.
Interviewer (1:20-1:22): Which is your dream destination?
Student (1:22-2:09): My dream destination once a time I watch in the America. All over very famous place in I like the America and then my most favorite place is Maldives. When once time I go, I go to the that place. Uh and when I when I like that place because so I so many reels Maldives I watch I watch in that reels. That day that time I once time I go that place like that. Dream destination is America, Maldives, and.
Interviewer (2:09-2:10): Who do you like travelling with?
Student (2:10-3:10): I traveling with my friends because when family came to with me, all our don't go don't go that place. Sit quiet and enjoy lots of things but little bit enjoying the moment. Parents are very treated carefully. But friends are not carefully, enjoying so many things and uh I like friends with go with traveling. Because uh we are know how to the communicate with others and how many fun activities and uh these are like when I with my friends doing like that uh actions. But family members are not allowed to the every time. Because I go with my friends traveling.
Interviewer (3:10-3:12): What do you like doing on vacation?
Student (3:12-3:46): When I vacation time I go to my relative home because one fair is very nice fair. I like that fair. So many times I go to the vacation time with my relative home and doing like only relative with.When I vacation time I go to my relative home because one fair is very nice fair. I like that fair. So many times I go to the vacation time with my relative home and doing like only relative with.
