---
student name: Lanchana S
topic: General talk
activity name: Family and relationships
session time: 2025-12-29 03:27:25
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Who is in your family?
Student (0:01-1:04): There are five members in my family. we stay in Hospani Tanda in Shivamogga. my father cousins also there, we are, when I prepare one day function that time we are join gathered that day and we are celebrate festival Diwali. That day we are really enjoyed. that day we are preparing a variety dishes and we are gather that day and we some activities also there and play games and singing song and dance also there. That day is very beautiful in my life. We are enjoying every year in Diwali. I have five members in my family, my father, mother, brother, sister and me.
Interviewer (1:04-1:05): Do you have brothers or sisters?
Student (1:05-1:44): Yes, I have one brother and one sister. My brother is Karthik. He is a engineer in JNC college, Shimogga. My sister name is Sanjana. She is a MSc in Bangalore. We both ah enjoying by me. We are sometimes we enjoy the days and we are every day we enjoyed but we three members not together.
Interviewer (1:44-1:47): Which family member are you closest to? Why?
Student (1:47-2:32): I am closed my auntie and uncles. Because when I go to our home we are treat really well and his children's caring me and we are everyday calling to me and caring. When I my family miss that time we are like my father and mother. And what happened everything clear. I am really that time really enjoy. We are my family members. I my cousins also best in my life.
Interviewer (2:32-2:34): What does your mother/father do?
Student (2:34-3:00): My father, Sheikh Ansh, he is a JD manager. And my mother is Jyothi. She is Asha worker. And we both are recap forming. Um sometimes we help my father and mother. Um That's all.
Interviewer (3:00-3:02): What do you do together as a family?
Student (3:02-4:01): When my family gather that time, we are enjoying. We gather in Diwali festival and other festival. That time we are prepare variety food, and we are celebrate festival, and sometimes we are activities also there, and we are singing, dancing, and enjoy that is. Total 25 members in one family members we gather. That day very beautiful and memorable. Every year we gather that day. So we are enjoying, and that is very beautiful in your gather that is very beautiful in our family. We miss my family. Okay.
