---
student name: Mahesh Patil
topic: General talk
activity name: Interests
session time: 2026-01-13 05:19:01
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What's your favourite hobby?
Student (0:01-0:26): My favorite hobby is cricket. I enjoy my friends play cricket. Then in when free time I play cricket and volleyball. Next uh next I am also all under player player. Sometimes I I I play keeper and sometimes I through bowling.
Interviewer (0:26-0:28): Do you read books? What is your favourite book?
Student (0:29-0:34): Yes, I read books. My favorite book is E N C.
Interviewer (0:34-0:36): What is your favourite movie?
Student (0:36-1:21): My favorite movie is KGF2. It is the one of the biggest film in Indian industry and it is it's about to mother feeling fighting and curiosity and love and then totally action film in the film is also one of KGF He became a authority of KGF2 he it helps to all people and uh and owner of the KGF 2.
Interviewer (1:21-1:23): Who is your favourite actor?
Student (1:23-2:07): My favorite actor is Rocky Star. He is a Kannada industry king. And then he also become a good actor and lots of pictures he show then KGF is one of the biggest movie in his life. So he is famous is Rocky. Rocky his name famous KGF 2 and KGF1. And he came to became a middle class family and he started  struggle very hard and very talented boy. And then hard work is a hard work is better than nowadays he is hero. So Rocky is always my favorite actor.
Interviewer (2:07-2:09): What is your favourite mobile application?
Student (2:10-4:10): My favorite application is uh in my mobile Instagram. Instagram is uh everyone uses app and also one of the favorite app in all all mobile. So I also my my favorite my favorite application also Instagram. Instagram uses uh scrolling reels and uh making short videos and reels and share with share with friends reels and video calls with others and messages with friends. And Instagram also very helpful and is very disadvantages. disadvanages means Instagram uh is one of the hacking application. So we we private account provide and uh privacy is very important in application. so we are all privacy in Instagram. Uh then uh we are all watching lots of hours in Instagram your time is time is very waste and not study. And and Instagram also uh story and posters photos and also very helpful in young generations. And uh then Instagram in Instagram we are uh we are putting status in 24 hours only. And then privacy status is there and public status is there and private account is there and public account is there. So we are all uh we are all using Instagram and me also using Instagram. In my mobile my favorite application is Instagram.
