---
student name: Mallikjan D Ammanagi
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2026-01-09 22:32:33
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-0:40): I grew up in a small village and that is my remember and I have lot learn lot of things in my village. This is feeling me. When we birth and I have I have lot of my friends. This my village and I have some playing. I enjoyed every moment. That was is very memorable for me. That's all. I like my village because is my emotion and my feeling, that's all.
Interviewer (0:40-0:42): What was your childhood like?
Student (0:42-2:07): My childhood was a little little village. I have learned lot of things in my village. I have some sometime I enjoyed and crying. I I remember when I childhood in our village. I was enjoying play enjoyable and crying. Then then I me and my friends playing games and I have a lot of learn. This is my childhood was very important for me. Because he is this is this is very important for me. My my child I used to because he is I like your life is improved. Like how to how to improve your skills and lesson then he's I like my life is my childhood like I have learned a lot of things. That's all.
Interviewer (2:07-2:09): What languages do you speak?
Student (2:09-2:58): I speak in हिंदी बिकॉज माय मदर टंग इज हिंदी एंड आई आल्सो यूजिंग इंग्लिश दिस इज इंग्लिश आई टॉक इंग्लिश व्हेन एवर इन आवर विलेज एंड टॉक इन हिंदी एंड व्हेन एवर आई वेंट टू गो आई वेंट टू स्कूल कॉलेज आई एम यूजिंग माय इंग्लिश स्पीकिंग विथ माय फ्रेंड्स टॉकिंग विथ इंग्लिश इन आवर फ्रेंड्स एंड ट्रेनर्स एंड मैडम आई एम लर्निंग इंग्लिश बिकॉज इट हेल्पफुल फॉर मी बिकॉज इन दिस सिचुएशन इंग्लिश इज मोर इंपोर्टेंट फॉर एवरी पीपल्स लाइफ
Interviewer (2:58-3:01): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (3:01-3:48): My hometown is small village in Karnataka. People there many people in live in my village because maybe 5000 people is there. I like it because is emotion for me. Then I have learned my love how to reduce how to use my life. This is listen me how to and I have learned a lot of things. my childhood is like I like it I like it because I have learned lot of things in my village. I enjoyable I feel in
Interviewer (3:48-3:50): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (3:51-4:11): I'm hard working person, quick learner. And whenever I like learn new things, improve my skills and disciplined maintain our discipline. That's all.
