---
student name: Nagaraj S
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2026-01-02 02:58:44
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-1:18): I grew up in my career. It was a very important uh, presently. My uh, my parents, uh, we will support. And then I was a small dream. It is We, uh, my life leading a peacefully. And then we will love my parents and then my family, all members. And I liked it because I liked my village. It beca- why because the It because uh, we will enjoying so many memoros in my village. Uh, when I child uh time, I spend the time very crucial. And then we will so many activities we enjoyed in my friends, my childhood friends. And we are going to swim in a river and then we will come back. My father was a uh, an uncle was uh very strict rules. And then we will, uh,
Interviewer (1:18-1:20): What was your childhood like?
Student (1:20-2:18): My childhood was a we played so many games my fans for example we play a Lagori and then a Kanamchi Aate and then we played in a gollies. I remember one thing one day we will go into swim river. My friend was going to in river. Then my another friend will stop take and come back some take the beside of a river. I used to I used to to I am no mobile uh my childhood time no mobiles. That's why I will uh watching a TV only and black and white TV.
Interviewer (2:18-2:19): What languages do you speak?
Student (2:19-2:49): I speak four languages. The one are Kannada and then Telugu, Hindi, and English, a little bit. My mother tongue is Kannada. I'm learning uh English because uh the growing our uh my life, and then we get a job and then improve my lifestyle.
Interviewer (2:49-2:52): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (2:52-3:18): My hometown is not for near of Mantralaya. Peoples there are leading life is a better and then environment is a very good. I like it's because my village I some problems there I will change problems I try to best.
Interviewer (3:18-3:21): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (3:21-3:54): I am a uh uh emotional Um uh with we friendly also. I am climb person and then we who can we talk freely I also talk who can roughly talk I also how to talk with other people's out rough and then what we will do the persons I will give a punish also.
