---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: General talk
activity name: Daily routine
session time: 2026-01-05 02:58:08
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What time do you wake up?
Student (0:01-1:55): I wake up at six o'clock and I get bath over six to seven and after that I take a breakfast and I take a puja and puja and also I spend time with my parents after that 10 o'clock I work with my mother if she need any of the helps means I do with my mother and after 12 o'clock I sleep two hours I woke up at again three o'clock and take a lunch after that I play with my sister's baby for sometimes then I spend more of the time with my sister's baby because I love that children's with playing with them it gives me a more happiness and also when time turns to 6 o'clock I broom the ground and pour a water over there and after I put a rangoli and I uh wash the utensils of the evening and after that I prepare a coffee for my home members and I provide coffee everybody drink and watch a movie or serials for one hour after that my mother goes to cook for a night dinner and I I used to help my mother after preparing food I call my father and we all sit together we eat food and after that my mother wash utensils after that I prepare the uh and we will sleep all the members of our home. This is all about my daily routine on weekends.
Interviewer (1:55-1:56): What do you do in the morning?
Student (1:56-2:31): Morning when I wake up, firstly, I broom a surrounding areas of our home and I pour a water. Then next I will put a rangoli over my home front. Then I will get some of freshness and I will, after that, I will take the I will take the God puja for one hour it gives me mind calm and heart peace so that I can lead that full day with a happiness mood with a smiley face. That is all about my morning routine.
Interviewer (2:31-2:33): What time do you go to school/work?
Student (2:34-3:04): I go to school at 9:00. I leave home at 8:00. I go through by school bus with my friends and we are four members surrounding my home. We all four of us go with each other and come to each other home. It's is a wonderful moment when we go to college and come to home. It is wonderful experience which I spent in that time.
Interviewer (3:04-3:07): What do you do in the afternoon/evening?
Student (3:07-3:59): I used to do in the afternoon or evening. I used to sit with my family members and neighbors. I spend more the times with my neighbors by talking whatever the happens in the morning to evening. We all shared our experience what we had done in day to evening. We all share each others with neighbors, with family members. This is all about our evening routine and after that we go to go back to home and freshen up then we start preparing the food for night dinner. As usual my father used to come at 10 o'clock and we all sit together when we eat food. After that my mother wash utensils. After that we all together we will sleep. This is all about evening afternoon routine.
Interviewer (3:59-4:00): What time do you sleep?
Student (4:00-4:15): I usually sleep at 11 o'clock. I go to bed at 9:30. I sleep early, early, earlier because morning session I have to wake up early. Because of that I sleep early in the night.
