---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: General talk
activity name: Interests
session time: 2026-01-03 03:01:49
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What's your favourite hobby?
Student (0:01-0:46): My favorite hobby is koko, kabaddi and leggy. I play more times leggy because more peoples are there means I will get more energy to play and also I I play with my cousins in when I get holidays I used to play with my cousins and also I started it because it gives me a mind refreshment and also active thinking and also it increased my confident level. Whatever the things happens I forgot by playing the thing playing also I read restart my days with more energetically and also I enjoy playing with my friends, cousins and also thank you.
Interviewer (0:46-0:49): Do you read books? What is your favourite book?
Student (0:49-1:48): Yes, I do read the books which gives me more interesting and I'm my favorite book is Koyampo wrote a first that is my favorite book. It is a wonderful book which gives me relaxation and also mind refreshment and overthinking also. I like it because it has the more more creativity in it. One chapter is not similar to another one. It have a every page have a uniqueness and also it gains the our concentration towards itself. And when we started reading that book suddenly we go through that lessons. We don't know how that will grab our interest towards that. Like this we uh like this we in that take our interest towards it because I love this book Koyampo's book.
Interviewer (1:48-1:50): What is your favourite movie?
Student (1:50-2:44): My favorite movie is Googly. I loved it very much. I watched it more than 20 times because it is one of the unique movie I saw in this our Bollywood and also it is one of the wonderful movie which has a uniqueness and also interesting parts. And more than this I liked the hero and heroines in that movie. Hero is also very nice and heroine is also very nice. I like both pairs and also I like it because it has a it has a climax is very dangerous and also unique climax. It has a one unique movie I saw. So because I liked the Googly movie very much. I saw more than 20 times. It give me a wonderful feeling when I'm watching it.
Interviewer (2:44-2:46): Who is your favourite actor?
Student (2:46-3:47): My favorite actor is Priyanka Chopra. She is one of the excellent and marvelous actor in Bollywood. Which I was saw and I like them because she is speaking skill is very nice and everyday she used to not an everyday, every sentence she used to take a new vocabularies. Daily I used to her watch her videos. She never pardoned one vocabulary to another because she used every vocabulary is newly and also they are more interesting and I used to learn from her speeches. that are very interesting things. They are good in English and she of the one of the youngest uh Miss World in uh India. And she have a more knowledge about the vocabularies, new words and talking skill, wonderful talking skills she have. So I love her that acting.
Interviewer (3:47-3:50): What is your favourite mobile application?
Student (3:50-5:05): My favorite mobile application is Charge G P T and also Instagram. I used to scroll Instagram without seeing the time because I'm more addicted to Instagram. It is one of the time passing app which I spend every day of my half time with Instagram. More than the Instagram, I like Charge G P T very much because Charge G P T is the one of the thing which helped students life is a very precious time. And also Charge G P T is one of the things whenever we ask the problems from teachers or trainers. We ask Charge G P T to solve it suddenly give the solutions. Whenever we face a problem Charge G P T is the one thing which trains us like a master. It will give every time it will give the solutions for us. Without any back coding. I use it because of any of the conditions. I'm preferring from any problem means I ask the Charge G P T is to give me the answers. I like it because I like it because it is one of the helpful app for our studying purpose. So I like the Charge G P T very much.
