---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2025-12-19 03:05:40
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-0:28): I grow up in Bengaluru because it was a big city. I love to stay there and it gives me an more confident to stay there and I like it because it is a big and huge country which gives a more knowledge and also improve our skills and provide us more confident to live.
Interviewer (0:28-0:29): What was your childhood like?
Student (0:29-1:11): My childhood was very funny and interesting thing. When I go to my grandmother's home Saptasagar, I enjoyed a lot with my cousins and my grandmother. It gives me a very joyousness days. In my childhood, I never forgot those days which I spent. It gives me a memories back when I go there. It is an immense pleasure to have that my grandmother's village. That is called Saptasagar. I remember every point of I every point whenever I go there and it is a wonderful place. I used to go there. A day by day.
Interviewer (1:11-1:13): What languages do you speak?
Student (1:13-1:46): I speak in both languages Kannada and English. My mother tongue is Kannada. And I am learning English because to I am learning English because to get a job and to settle my life and to become independent to compared to others who are not independent. If I speak English means I will get independent I will get job and I also become an independent girl in a society. That's why I am learning English. My mother tongue is Kannada.
Interviewer (1:46-1:49): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (1:49-2:19): My hometown is known for also Guruji and also in that village people are very interesting people are harvesting sugar canes also is also famous for sugar cane harvesting and it like I like because it has a more variety of the people and also temples like and so on.
Interviewer (2:19-2:22): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (2:22-2:59): I am a hard working girl and I am very friendly with my friends family and trainers. Whenever they ask me questions I reply and I never sit quite. Whatever they ask I will reply for everything and I am a calm person who never angry on someone who always kindly to other people. Whenever other people ask me questions I solve their problems and also I interact with them I communicate with them friendly mood. I never hated anyone. It's all about myself.
