---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: General talk
activity name: Free time and Weekends
session time: 2026-01-22 03:01:00
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you do in your free time?
Student (0:02-0:41): In my free time, I used to talk with the interview and also I start communicating with and it. And also I try to find a new vocabularies and also when I get a free time, I spend that with my family and also I enjoy with that. And I start everyday I used to collect five vocabulary words. In sometimes I spend the time with my family and share a few things with that and also this is what the free time held in my Sunday.
Interviewer (0:41-0:43): What do you do on weekends?
Student (0:43-1:38): on weekends I used to do the intervals and daily two or three intervals activities and I used to spend my more time with the sharing and talking with my friends and sharing the daily routines whichever happens in my college and I used to do the work with my family and so my friends I usually spend a more time with my family because it is more connected to me and whenever I share the things with my family they respond me in the proper way and also in a week I get one weekend which is Sunday I used I used to spend a more time with my friends as well as my family. It give me a wonderful time to spend with them.
Interviewer (1:38-1:40): Do you meet friends or family?
Student (1:40-2:25): Yes, I meet my friends as well as my family both. Both are the two eyes of me. When I feel low, I go to my friends. They push me up and they support me every situations. Never bother whatever the situation is. They used to give me a suggestions and also they support me whenever I feel low and they give a motivational speeches for me and they motivate me in every situations. And my family is one of the most backbone for me. Whenever I feel like alone, my family always stood behind me. That is a one of the strength for me.
Interviewer (2:25-2:27): Do you go out or stay home? Why?
Student (2:27-3:27): I used to go out because in two weeks we get only one weekend to go out. So we all friends go together out and spend a time outside and we eat some many special things and also we enjoy by roaming here and there. It gives me a wonderful experience by roaming with friends and come back to stay with the home. It it also is a one one of the thing which give me happiness and also home is like a temple whenever we are far from home we feel when we have to go to home and when we talk with my mother it is one of the special thing to meet every family members it is a relaxation for me and it is one calm peace calm and peace that is a family.
Interviewer (3:27-3:29): What activity makes you happy?
Student (3:29-3:51): Spending alone is make me happy because it is one of the moment when we think different and innovative things by staying alone and also it is one of the moment where we can think that what to do and what not to do. So, it makes me happy.
