---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Current situation
session time: 2026-01-14 02:57:24
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What are you doing now?
Student (0:01-0:53): Now I am doing my course after completing the graduation where I found graduation is very important. After my graduation, I started this DSF course in a Hubli where I got to know by my friends and also I started doing with the confidence skills and I joined this DSF because I want to improve my skills and knowledge through this and get a job of specific and improve my everything like a skills, courage, standing in front of a stranger person and I am able to talk like that. That's all about currently I am now DSF doing a course of DSF joined in Hubli.
Interviewer (0:53-0:55): How do you spend your time these days?
Student (0:55-2:04): These days are very important. In this three day three months we have to spend with the hard working and smart working both. If we get a both hard working and smart working means we will get a more of the life thing and also when we hard work we will get a success in life in this three months. If we did a comedy or any of us unserious things in these three months means we will lose something else. And also I usually work daily and daily I used to learn new things like vocabularies, learning new things like skills. Daily I used to speak with speak with my team as well as I spend more time with talking in English. That gives me more confident and also learn English day by day. It is one of the best experience which I am spending here.
Interviewer (2:04-2:06): What are you learning or practicing now?
Student (2:06-3:19): Now I am practicing my DSC course which is speaking skills and also learning new things like skillings and practicing English day by day and I never stopped and never give up my things daily I used to practice one one and half hours daily I used to learn new vocabularies and also motivate myself and in the morning session my team used to sit together and spend time to talking how was the day and what was the experience which I spend and also I used to share everything which was happening in the from morning to evening in a interval which is improving my daily routine and also to improve my English skills I am preparing for new upcoming MNC's companies to success in my life and also improve my new things and skills learning as well as it making me learn more improvance and also it is good to use that.
Interviewer (3:19-3:21): What job are you looking for now?
Student (3:21-4:19): I am looking for a job which gives me a learn more skills and involve with new creative things and also which build my knowledge from better from now and also I eagerly waiting for the job which gives me free free environment and also which gives me confident to learn something and also I am very excited to learn new things involve new skills in my life so I want to start my career through this MNC companies so I am eagerly waiting to have such a kind of jobs so that I joined to improve my skills and also guide my to feel proud
