---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2025-12-31 03:18:00
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-0:58): I grow up in my grandmother's village where it is a sub village it is a wonderful place where I enjoy a lot with my sisters, cousins and also I enjoyed it it was a small village and also it is a calm and peace village I like it because it has a wonderful places to visit. Also historical places where everyone come and visit that place and also it gives a mind freshness and all. I enjoyed with my grandmother, grandfather, my mother, my father, my sisters. I enjoy with them. This is what the place I love more and I also visit that place again and again. I continue here but I enjoyed there with my cousins it gives me a wonderful experience by going there. It's all about my place where I grow up.
Interviewer (0:58-1:00): What was your childhood like?
Student (1:00-1:54): My childhood was very nice. We enjoy everyone with my friends, sisters, cousins. We all enjoy together. We don't have any discrimination between each others. We all enjoy together and I remember one thing when my sister was playing with them each others and And also most of the memories are there to share with you. I used to quarrel with my parents and also the time is getting for with my brothers and also with my sisters. Every time we used to spend more time with my sisters. Also it gives enjoyment to me and it's very memorable moments of my childhood days.
Interviewer (1:54-1:56): What languages do you speak?
Student (1:56-3:02): I speak Kannada. My mother tongue is a Kannada, so I used to speak in Kannada. And it's a very comfortable language for us. Wherever I can go, it's a much common language, but we used to talk in English whenever we go to college or school also. But my mother tongue is a Kannada which gives a freeness and when we are communicating with others it gives a more comfortable with them. So I use my mother tongue is Kannada. So I use the Kannada more more than other languages. And also it improves our communication skill by talking each others. Whenever I go to colleges or schools, I used to talk in English because it improves our communication skills and also develop our thinking skills. So I used to speak in English when I go to colleges or schools. And when I come to a home or to any neighbors home, I used to talk in Kannada. So it can develop our communication skills.
Interviewer (3:02-3:05): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (3:05-4:16): My home is Belgaum. Belgaum is also known as Kundanagar because in Belgaum Kundanagar is a famous food. Everybody used to like a Kunda. Kunda is one of the famous sweets in Belgaum. So it is Belgaum is also called as Kundanagari. Kunda is one of the delicious food. The people of Belgaum always use Kunda for any festivals or any functions they use of Kunda has a more major part. And also Kunda is one of the best thing. So this is one of the interesting things of Belgaum. Also Rani Channamma. Rani Channamma and all of the freedom fighters more of the from Belgaum that is one of the proud thing to say and that is a important I like it is because it is one of the strongest people are so this is all about the interesting things.
Interviewer (4:16-4:19): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (4:19-4:49): I am hard working girl and interesting for other things. I am a friendly girl who always used to talk with the friendly with other and calm and peaceful and I am a girl who say that probably I am a forgiving girl. Whenever I fight my friends, I forgive them without any back hurting. I am the calm person who can motivate myself. That's all about myself.
