---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: What I Can Do
session time: 2026-01-14 03:06:55
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What kind of work can you do well?
Student (0:01-1:17): I can do new things which which is innovative and creative things that gives me a very fresh mood to do and also which give me a reference to do and also with a teamwork I can do anything if I have a support means I can do anything like innovative things and we should do everyday we should do new things which which is able to learn new things this kind of activity give us a new skills and improve our works and also shows the going higher in a life and getting a successful. So I am confident of doing this and also which gives me a innovative things and which helps to me improve skills, knowledge, confident. So I go through this type of works which is helpful for further days and also for us careers. So we should not leave the thing unnecessarily use you should use utilize that properly in a proper way.
Interviewer (1:17-1:20): What tasks do you usually do without help?
Student (1:20-1:34): I usually do the things which are helpful for me and also gives the new innovative things and also I am eager to learn new things like creativity.
Interviewer (1:34-1:36): What do people ask you to help with?
Student (1:36-2:42): People ask me to do the help like if they are not able to frame the sentence like when the mam ask frame the sentence on present tense or a past tense they used to get struck there They get help me to tell a sentence tell us a frame a sentence. So by that they get they used to take help from me and also by that I get more confident about bring the sentence. This type of helping I get happiness and also I enjoy that helping nature. and I never stuck between those people I used to share if I know anything I know means I will share I will not stop I don't know that I will not tell like this. I used to help each and everybody without any compromise.
Interviewer (2:42-2:45): What is something you learned to do recently?
Student (2:45-3:12): I recently learn I recently learn the news things and like a skills development improving myself understanding with unknown person or a stranger person with the confidently and able to talk with them and I never get hesitate like someone talking means I get hesitate I will not do like that now. No I'll learn that type of things.
Interviewer (3:12-3:14): What work do you feel confident doing?
Student (3:14-3:57): I can do anything with the confidently nowadays. When we are past days we never do with the confident. When I am in a degree or a graduation I used to fear for something else but now I used to talk with confidently when I come to DT. It gave me a strong confident on myself and also beliefness in myself. shows how I am how I learn myself. These all I got to know after coming DT which is giving a more helpful things nowadays.
