---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-08 11:47:39
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:01-1:50): I am Priyanka Balekai from small village Saudi from Belgaum District Athani Taluk Saudi is also known as a small tourist place where we can find the many of the interesting historical places. More of the people visit there and see the historical places. I am very proud to say that I'm from Saudi.
I like more in Saudi is the Vijay Mahantesh Matha. It is one of the peace and calm place where I like most of the places and I use when I get a free time I used to go to Vijay Mahantesh Matha and spend my more of the time there only. So I like that place very much.
I am about from 20 1 years old. I used to work hard and I am one of the honest and free girl. I never used to get hurt someone because I give the value for the person and I am the very kind hearted girl I never hurted anyone.
And I give the equal and diversity to everyone because everyone has their feelings and strong mindset I don't want to disturb them and if I want to give something means I will give otherwise I will don't hurt anyone without any reasons. This is all about me and how I am is the this is.
Interviewer (1:50-1:51): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (1:51-2:55): I enjoy my free time with spending time with my family and going to out with my friends and enjoying more with my friends.
And when I get a long free time, my and I and my friends used to go to travel.
I love traveling because it gives me a mind calmness and peace and it gives the concentration towards our when we get a mind free.
In that time my our mind gets free.
So I used to spend more of the time with a nature.
Nature is one of the thing which gives a mind relief and also it gives us how to learn the things and also it gives the self confident and it teaches us how how we are and who we are.
That is why I spend more of the free time with my nature.
Interviewer (2:55-2:57): What is important to you in your life?
Student (2:57-4:38): family is one of the major and strong root for everyone because family is one of the thing which is the backbone of every forwarding persons who are who do do something in their life every person is a contentment and also one of the perception to build his career everyone learning is important because if a person achieve something in his life and he get a wealth then every person will be back of him otherwise he didn't get any of the values in a society that's why every person should learn and build his career in a successful way otherwise he will not get any of the respect in a society for me education is one of the thing which build a person from the normal to high level is one of the important thing in everybody's life one of the thing which is helpful in our life means that is the education education is the building blocks of the student's life not only students life every common persons or a middle class students life it is every common student should look after for their education and they should settle in their life this is all about the life history what is the education carrying on
Interviewer (4:38-4:39): What kind of person are you?
Student (4:39-5:55): I am a person of honesty. I am a person of kindness. I am a person of forgiving. I am a person of easy hurted girl. I am a person who listens everyone's words without hurting them. I am a person who never give up. I am a person who self motivated. I am a person who stand myself in every critical situation. Either it is a short term, either it is a long term. I am a calm person who always listens fairlible and standing on myself to achieve a success. Not this day, further someday I will get a success. I am a friendly person who always spend a more time with finding the new things and creating the innovative things. If innovative things may get a new success and also it is gives a way to thinking different.
Interviewer (5:55-5:56): What should people know about you?
Student (5:57-7:02): People should know that I am a girl who never give up and I am a girl who stands in every situation either it is good or bad. I first take the stand and I will do for my work and I never give up and I am a person who never leave the situation it is not for me. I will stand for every each and every situations either it is minds or others. I never bother but I stand for the good things and I rise wise to the wrong things. I never kept my leg back because when we keep our leg front then we get a self confident. automatically we start to do something new in our true things. If we ourselves give up means the things are coming further it is a hard. should not give up. should take risk to get a success.
