---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2026-01-03 03:08:59
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-0:49): I grow up in my grandmother's village where it is one of the small town. it is named as Saptasagar. It is one of the beautiful place where my cousins, my mother, my father used to spend there more of the time and it is one of the village where we have a more memories childhood memories. Whenever we get bored or any of the functions or festivals, we'll go to Saptasagar and we enjoy a lot with my grandmother, grandfather because it is one of our favorite place so I used to go there and spend time with them. It gives me a very happiness and also create some memory. So I like so that is my favorite place.
Interviewer (0:49-0:50): What was your childhood like?
Student (0:50-2:30): My childhood was very amazing. We used to spend more time in Saptasagar. It is one of the most famous or not a famous, it is one of the most interesting place where my father, mother, grandmother used to spend there. And also I enjoy in Saptasagar because that is my grandmother's home and I also I never get a bore in Saptasagar because it is one of the village which I created more memories there. And not only me, my cousins, my mother, father, that is one of the famous place, famous not as a favorite place. I remember one childhood story, my grandmother's home beside there is a mango trees. The mangoes are very sweet. We daily used to cousins, we daily used to go there and pick the mangoes. Whenever the owner is not there at the time, we go and pick the mangoes and came by running. One day the owner saw us and he started scolding. We are never, we never picked that mangoes. We started running by throwing that mangoes. Whichever we picked, we thrown there only we started running. Because if the owner catches means he will beat. he will scold or or else he will take through our grandfather. Like this we afraid and we ran away from there. That is one of the where he memorable moment which we spent there. Like this so many are there, which are the childhood likes. This is one of the major story which I spent there.
Interviewer (2:30-2:32): What languages do you speak?
Student (2:32-3:38): I speak Kannada. My mother tongue is a Kannada, so I used to speak in Kannada. And it's a very comfortable language for us. Wherever I can go, it's a much common language, but we used to talk in English whenever we go to college or school also. But my mother tongue is a Kannada which gives a freeness and when we are communicating with others it gives a more comfortable with them. So I use my mother tongue is Kannada. So I use the Kannada more more than other languages. And also it improves our communication skill by talking each others. Whenever I go to colleges or schools, I used to talk in English because it improves our communication skills and also develop our thinking skills. So I used to speak in English when I go to colleges or schools. And when I come to a home or to any neighbors home, I used to talk in Kannada. So it can develop our communication skills.
Interviewer (3:38-3:40): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (3:41-4:52): My home is Belgaum. Belgaum is also known as Kundanagar because in Belgaum Kundanagar is a famous food. Everybody used to like a Kunda. Kunda is one of the famous sweets in Belgaum. So it is Belgaum is also called as Kundanagari. Kunda is one of the delicious food. The people of Belgaum always use Kunda for any festivals or any functions they use of Kunda has a more major part. And also Kunda is one of the best thing. So this is one of the interesting things of Belgaum. Also Rani Channamma. Rani Channamma and all of the freedom fighters more of the from Belgaum that is one of the proud thing to say and that is a important I like it is because it is one of the strongest people are so this is all about the interesting things.
Interviewer (4:52-4:55): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (4:55-5:22): I am a very hard working and more sensitive girl because I never used to hurt anyone. I never used to take hurt from anyone also. I used to give equal and equal reaction to everyone because I never hurt anyone's feelings because the every feeling have the more value and weightage. So I never hurt anyone. This is my major character.
