---
student name: Priyanka Mahantesh Balikai
topic: General talk
activity name: Free time and Weekends
session time: 2026-01-02 03:06:12
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you do in your free time?
Student (0:01-0:48): In free time, I used to spend time with my parents, cousins, or my friends. To spend my free time and I enjoy with my friends, teachers, and all to learn new things and like vocabularies, framing sentence, and also it improves me speak well and clear conversation. Sometimes I use when I get bored, I used to listen music and I used to dance. I am more fascinated to dance and also I'm crazed to travel more of countries or cities. I used to do these all things when I get a free time and I enjoy a lot during the free time.
Interviewer (0:48-0:49): What do you do on weekends?
Student (0:49-2:08): On weekends, I used to go my sister's home and spend time with my sister and my brother. So we all go to her sister's home and enjoy a lot there. I usually go for the temples where the peace I can get, my when my mind disturbed, I will go to to temples. It gives me a mind presence and also when I back from temples, I do my favorite works. Whenever I get exam, I do First I go to temples and make my my mind fresh and then I will start reading because it gives me a pleasant mind and also to speak well and also read well. Sometimes I get bore on when I am single alone at a home. Nobody is there to talk with me. In that time I get bored. Because nobody is there to talk with me. So I get bore why I'm alone at a home or in case any of the events are not there means I will get bore. So I don't like to stay alone or I'm not able to sit single at a home because I'm not get bore while I'm sitting alone or or think any events means I will get bore.
Interviewer (2:08-2:10): Do you meet friends or family?
Student (2:10-2:21): Yes, I meet both of them when I get a free time. I enjoy with my family. And when I go to college, I enjoy with my friends.
Interviewer (2:21-2:23): Do you go out or stay home? Why?
Student (2:23-2:35): I go out because I am in hostel. For my father studies I stay It is relaxing for me when I call my parents and talk five minutes.
Interviewer (2:35-2:37): What activity makes you happy?
Student (2:37-3:07): activity makes happy. The happy I stay with my family and stay with the parents that makes me happy and when I am stay together I get happy. I always used to stay with my family and friends it gives me a wonderful experience and also it gives me more happiness. I really feel when I am alone I get a feel very badly.
