---
student name: Rajeshnaik H
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2025-12-31 03:13:04
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:26): I am studying in Desh Pandey Skillim. That is in near Hubballi. And I have recently completed my Master of Commerce from Vijayanagara Sri Krishna Devaraya University Ballari. And my major is commerce. In commerce taxation is the my my combination.
Interviewer (0:26-0:28): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:28-1:03): I studied at Ballari. It is in Karnataka. I completed my course, that is Master of Commerce from VSK University Ballari. And now I am studying, now I am learning communication skills and computer skills and information technology skills, then time management and leadership quality. I'm learning many things from Deshpande Skilling.
Interviewer (1:03-1:04): Why did you choose this course?
Student (1:05-1:43): Yeah, as I I choose this course because uh I don't know how to maintain the accounts. If in case I have a business, I don't know how to how to maintain the accounts and how to do the business. I don't have any idea. And uh that's why I'm I choose this course and I was interested I am interested in accounting and finance and business. And I wanted to learn business ideas, business strategies and business techniques and more.
Interviewer (1:43-1:44): What skills have you learned?
Student (1:44-2:36): I learned many skills and I learned I got business ideas and accounting financing how to do the business and what are the business strategies time management accounting taxation finance and HR and business environment. I learned many things and I improved my skills. I don't I don't speak fluently in English because I don't know how to I don't know how to frame the sentence. I am I gained experience, I don't have any experience. still I am improving my communication skills especially in English.
Interviewer (2:36-2:39): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (2:39-3:24): Absolutely my education help me for the future. Uh, if uh I got I I get any government job, my qualification is is to be helped me for uh entrance exam and qualification. And uh if I if I go corporate life, uh my education is very important. And where I can my skills uh implementation that is very useful what I learn in academics. It is useful for my working culture. Uh
