---
student name: Rajeshnaik H
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: Strengths as a fresher
session time: 2026-01-19 03:23:30
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What is one strength you have as a person?
Student (0:02-0:34): I have I have one strength that is willingness to work and eager to learn new things. And I have to be adjust in every situation, any situation. As a fresher, I want to get job and I want to succeed in that job. I want to grow professionally. My strength is always eager to learn and I have patience and positive attitude.
Interviewer (0:34-0:36): What do teachers or others say you do well?
Student (0:36-1:05): people say I am intelligent, I'm a very brilliant student. Then I don't know. I'm a brilliant student but I have knowledge and I have to be speak very fluently in English. Then others also saying something you are different from others, you have to more intelligent from me, from from others.
Interviewer (1:05-1:08): What helps you do your work properly?
Student (1:08-2:24): I try to speak in English and I have to be work properly then someone help me to to make confi to make confidence then they will be they are teach me to speak to work properly and they find they give feedback and they find my my mistakes. I try to speak English then I want to work I I have to be work I will be work. Then if I work I don't know what is the right or wrong. But someone told me then I will be realize it is it is not right it is wrong it is not right. Then they give feedback then only I work properly I want to need help from others my colleagues other either friends other family members.
Interviewer (2:24-2:26): What do you do carefully or sincerely?
Student (2:26-3:21): Oh then, then I want to speak English and and and being with trainers. Then I'm carefully I'm carefully I remind the words, then I'm carefully talking with the trainer or teachers. Then I have to be carefully to talk with the family members and talk try to talk with the parents. Then I'm carefully and I have to work sincerely when I am when I when uh I will be learn I want to learn skills. uh communication skills or any other skills. I do I do I do my work sincerely.
