---
student name: Rajeshnaik H
topic: General talk
activity name: Family and relationships
session time: 2026-01-08 22:23:35
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Who is in your family?
Student (0:01-0:37): There are the five members in our family. I love it my my mother my two elder brother and one elder sister my family included five members. My mother is a homemaker. And my elder brother is a lorry driver and another one elder brother is nation and my mother is a homemaker and me. I am learning I'm learning skills.
Interviewer (0:37-0:39): Do you have brothers or sisters?
Student (0:39-1:35): Yes, uh I have two elder brother and one elder sister. Uh elder elder sister, he is a first in our family. Now she is married and she has two children. one one boy and one girl. And my first elder brother he is also married and he is a he is working in a in mines. he is he is by a he by a Lari. And he is a Lari driving, Lari driver. And second elder brother, he is a mason and he is not married, he is a unmarried. And he is working at building construction works. And me.
Interviewer (1:35-1:38): Which family member are you closest to? Why?
Student (1:38-2:26): I am a close to my mother, my sister and my friends.
Why because uh my mother helping me every time and he she is support support me every time and I am also support to her while cooking while cooking and while what are what are the what are feeling and so many times I help her.
And she is also caring me and my my sister elder sister she is also caring me more and she she call she calling me every day and she care about me.
Interviewer (2:26-2:28): What does your mother/father do?
Student (2:28-3:17): Uh my mother uh she is a homemaker. Uh she is a illiterate and she don't know uh uh learning. she don't know uh his name his name how to write. And she is work a homemaker. she is struggle, she was struggle in when I was uh child child. She she struggled so many. And my father, my father is not is not here. he is a died. Uh 13 years 14 years ago. She died.
Interviewer (3:17-3:19): What do you do together as a family?
Student (3:19-4:00): in together we watch our family, watch movie and listening songs and doing jokes. We spend time with family, watching movies and creating stories and telling the stories. going to marketing market and and buying the cloths and buying the buying buying the vegetables. That's all. We together go to the go family in the market.
