---
student name: Rajeshnaik H
topic: General talk
activity name: Interests
session time: 2026-01-07 02:45:35
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What's your favourite hobby?
Student (0:01-1:08): My my favorite hobby is playing cricket and playing chess and listening music. I enjoy when I listen music. It is it good it's give me more happy when I get headache, when I feel from headache, then it will be helpful to me for happy. When I listen music it will be give more stressfulness. It is it give happy. I enjoy a lot of from listen music. Sometimes when when I free I will I will play game. That is chess and caram. Then cricket Sometimes I watch mobile, I browsing mobile. And sometimes I learn new things from social medias.
Interviewer (1:08-1:10): Do you read books? What is your favourite book?
Student (1:10-2:08): Yes, uh, I do read book. Sometimes when I free, I will be read book. And that is in Kannada. Shri Ramayana Darshanam and Mukherjee Akkanasi galu. Kanooru Heggadati Malegalalli madhumagalu. These are all the my favorite books. I like I like it because, uh, I saw I saw a story from YouTube. But I never read book. Why because I don't have time too much time for reading. And now I'm learning new skills. That's why I'm not free. When I when I am free, I will be definitely read new books and buying new books. Then
Interviewer (2:08-2:10): What is your favourite movie?
Student (2:10-3:20): Yeah, my favorite movie is the Kanthara. It is a Sandalwood movie. And it's about divine and culture of in Karnataka and culture of Western Ghats, uh especially in Mangaluru. And I like it because they are cover all things, divine, fighting, actors so many. In that, in that movie uh Rishab Shetty, he is he's a director, he's a director and also he's an actor. Uh in he's an hero, and Rukmini Vasanth, she is a heroine and so many are side characters are there. And and the song was so good. And then Totally that movie is good.
Interviewer (3:20-3:21): Who is your favourite actor?
Student (3:22-4:37): My favorite actor is Golden Star Ganesh. I I like them because he's a he he made one he made one he made one movie. My favorite actor is the Golden Star Ganesh. I like them because he made many movie in Kannada especially in Sandalwood. Because he he made melody songs and and he he made movie with feelings and love and emotions alone. And he is good in reality show. He's a good helping nature and totally he was good in movie.
Interviewer (4:37-4:39): What is your favourite mobile application?
Student (4:39-5:30): As uh my favorite mobile application app is Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook and YouTube. Why because in from Facebook, I learned many things and I have new friends and then Instagram, I scrolling new reels and in in YouTube, I learned many video, I learned many things from YouTube. I saw new videos and I saw new new songs because it is a very helpful to studies. Who studies seriously, there is a help helpful for the studies.
