---
student name: Rajeshnaik H
topic: General talk
activity name: Free time and Weekends
session time: 2026-01-05 02:49:55
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you do in your free time?
Student (0:01-0:32): Ah, in my free time, I do work, some work, I have if if I have some work, if I do work, otherwise, browsing the mobile, and watching the TVs and watching the movies and watching the reels. And go to outside and talking with friends and enjoying with friends. That's all.
Interviewer (0:32-0:34): What do you do on weekends?
Student (0:34-1:25): Uh sir, on weekends, I usually sleep. If if I have some if if I have any work, I I go. I I go market. I I bring some fruits. I bring bring some clothes. Usually I I played played cricket and recently I went my hometown Ballari for I have exam. That's why last week last last weekend, I went my my home town and met my met my friends and met my family members and I lots enjoy. I enjoyed lots.
Interviewer (1:25-1:27): Do you meet friends or family?
Student (1:27-2:21): Yes, the day before yesterday, I met my friends. He is my childhood, childhood friend. And after that, I went my family and my home. Then I talked with my parents and my family members, my sisters, my cousins, and my my mother, my brother-in brother-in brother-in-law, and nephew, and niece. We enjoy a lot of we enjoyed a lot. Every time I meet my friends, and when I met my friends, I enjoy. I really enjoy. And when I when I when I met my family, I I love I I I enjoy more.
Interviewer (2:21-2:23): Do you go out or stay home? Why?
Student (2:23-3:16): if if I if I have any work work outside definitely I will go. If if he is not if he is not any work outside, I don't go outside. Then I stay I stay home. Why because weekend I have a law lot of works and made my friends or giving giving spend time with my family and now I am in hostel watching washing the cloth, washing the my cloth and eating non vegetarian for outside. And that is a relaxing day for me. Sunday is only relaxing day for me.
Interviewer (3:16-3:17): What activity makes you happy?
Student (3:17-4:24): So traveling makes me happy because when I traveling outside and solo outside in bike, on bike, I definitely enjoy. Why because when I go outside I saw I see nature and weathers and some temples, and some nature, I love nature. And I feel happy. When I met my family, I'm really happy and I spent I spent more time with my family. And I like watching movie and watching reels and browsing mobiles. These are all my happiness. Why because when I watching some movies or some reels and talking with my friends, and talking talking spend with my spend with my family, it is really good. And I feel happy.
