---
student name: Rukmini Kokare
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2026-01-02 02:51:32
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:52): I study uh degree completed. I have degree completed in 2025 June. My major is uh communication skills, improve myself. And connect with uh study. And day by day I am uh time, time set, the time, and learning this time wake up and I am uh my daily work, daily routine. I am uh day by day increase myself. So I am practice uh I am only patience in my study. My studying is well.
Interviewer (0:52-0:54): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:55-2:20): Uh my study at first I am uh my village study. Then I am completed village. Uh village I my seventh, sixth standard complete and eighth, tenth uh this village completed. Then I am college going to college. Went to college and uh my second PUC and first PU complete first PU Corona batch and then uh degree, degree is uh uh Ellaapur college, JFC college, Allahpura. Then my graduation completed. Then I am one, two month I'm going to uh I'm going to uh Bengaluru. Then one company uh company work then next I am not comfortable in uh Bengaluru. Then I am uh come to uh home. Then I am uh forward in my life so I am uh Deshpande's killing joining. Then I am my study is uh English communication skills. That's it.
Interviewer (2:20-2:22): Why did you choose this course?
Student (2:22-3:57): Because I am getting a good job and improve myself all people say insert me hurt me then I am because I am improve myself who I am this people's can uh repeated company I am went to going to reputed company then all people's uh proud me because all people's hurt me hate me hurt me I insert uh I I am going to death death because I am impress my inspiration is Droupadi so I am motivate in Droupadi so because I my mind is turn in Deshpande's killing. English communication skills build in my build and brings my success so I am English communication skills is important in my life then reputed company going uh and I am job with next my family all proud of him so I am choose in this course
Interviewer (3:57-3:58): What skills have you learned?
Student (3:58-4:46): I learned English and improved myself. I am quick learner. I am my guide is only one one book and book guide me and I always always going always follow me the book. So skills is very important. Then I am learning day by day. I improve myself day by day. Then all people grow with me. So entertainment
Interviewer (4:46-4:49): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (4:49-6:07): education I am use useful in my future because education is one world but then education going me then money problem. So I education is money poor people not educations then I am loan getting and education my completed. So education useful our our future because education is all peoples life when one boy when one boy come uh education. So hey marriage then then education uh education then he was a worked any jobs. So education is important. He not a job then he uh our children guiding then education important.
