---
student name: Sagar Mallikarjungouda Patil
topic: General talk
activity name: Free time and Weekends
session time: 2026-01-13 05:21:42
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What do you do in your free time?
Student (0:02-1:06): in my free time, I love to talk with my friends about what career we have done. I enjoy being with my friends.  At that time we go to milk So now I sometimes I have rest time.  I take some rest I take some rest. I will still say that I happily enjoy with my friends in my free time.  That's it.
Interviewer (1:06-1:08): What do you do on weekends?
Student (1:08-3:02): On weekends. I went outside to buy something uh something for myself. And usually rest I take I take some rest. Because I everyday I work working so in that weekend I will take some rest of my body. Of myself. On weekends. I went outside to buy something for myself. Like this. Or any products. Usually. I will take rest because on weekend everyday I work working in. So. On weekend I will, I went outside to buy something for me. Or else or else products. I usually take rest on weekend. Because my body is tired. Because everyday I attend the classes. Up to 14 hours. So, my body is. Could not rest take rest so that I was take some rest. Sometimes I would play with my whenever I get free time. I will uh play uh games with my friends. And washing my clothes. That's it.
Interviewer (3:02-3:04): Do you meet friends or family?
Student (3:04-4:15): Yeah. I meet both family and friends because family is more important to me and also friends is also. And whenever whenever I go to the home my family waiting for me because they didn't see me, didn't see me for long long time. And I spending my time with my family. And after that I will go to meet my friends. Uh. After so many days we meet each other. So we share about ourself. Ourselves. And we discussion about our future plan and we enjoying with each other and first we laughing at each other and smile and then hugging each other my friendship is most traded bond ever. Forever. Uh. Friends is there is no friends. Our life is nothing.
Interviewer (4:15-4:17): Do you go out or stay home? Why?
Student (4:17-5:55): I go to the outside. Of course, I choose outside, because whenever I go to the outside, I feel more comfortable and freshness and stress noises. It is a best feeling for me. I usually I'm staying in my home. uh, and that's why it's a very boring thing to me. So, when when I get free time, I'll go to the outside. uh, I see the nature. I feel nature how it works to me. Yeah, of course, I would choose, I would choose. uh, outside. Because everyday I stay in home, it's a very boring thing to me. So, my mind was stuck between after staying in home, that's why I'm I'm going, I chose to go outside. When I go to the outside, it's uh, stress uh, my, my mind was stressful and relaxation. And my mood is, my mood is so happy. That's why I took, I choose outside is the best for me.
Interviewer (5:55-5:56): What activity makes you happy?
Student (5:56-6:58): cricket makes me happy because when I play cricket I feel more happy when I play cricket it should be playing cricket makes me happy because every day I go to the closest in my training center so in weekend I get one Saturday so I play I would like to play I would like to play cricket I feel happy when I playing cricket it's most fulfilling in the world
