---
student name: Sakshi A Kurhade
topic: Weakness
activity name: Small Difficulties I Have
session time: 2026-01-22 05:24:19
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What is one thing you find difficult?
Student (0:02-0:24): One thing I find difficult is whenever I talk English I fumble some words and sometimes I mistake grammatical and whenever I speak in front of any people I got scared and I talk anything.
Interviewer (0:24-0:27): What was difficult for you in college or school?
Student (0:27-1:06): in college it was difficult. I struggle with the some English because in my engineering college they all were talking in English and then I didn't know how to make sentences properly. And uh I have to present in front of trainers there and I don't know how to do at all so. And then now I can talk in front of people and I can present in front of people and I have a courage now.
Interviewer (1:06-1:08): What work takes more time for you?
Student (1:08-1:51): I am slow in reasoning and aptitude because it is maths questions and sometimes I see here about English because I can't make a sentences properly and stumble somewhere. And whenever I talk in front of people, um I don't know how to talk with them and I can't remember words and sentences in front of them. And after that when I was alone, I thought like I think in English and I don't know how to talk.
Interviewer (1:51-1:53): What do you find hard at first?
Student (1:53-2:46): I find hard use English because I don't know English at all I come from a kannada medium in the in that we don't know how to speak in english and i went to college and there also we didn't speak kannada english and i didn't had any confidence to talk in front of people whenever some people comes and talks with me i got confused and i don't know how to talk and i don't know how to make a sentences in front of them so yeah english makes me hard for at first
Interviewer (2:46-2:49): What is something you are still learning?
Student (2:49-3:16): I'm improving my English communication skills because I need to take up better job and that's why I need to improve my English and I'm still learning how to talk and whenever I I have to use some some words and I have to speak in advance now English so I'm improving that also.
