---
student name: Sanjana K
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: Skills from college / training
session time: 2026-01-09 05:15:07
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What skills did you learn in college or school?
Student (0:01-1:09): I I learned college and school days and there is no skills I have but I I study purposeful in study I was good after that in college college college life I learn I join NCC and in that I learn discipline and leadership quality. So I am I am not less in skills um like communication skills. I don't know how to express about my way. So so I don't have any skills so I joined Deshpande killing to build my skills like a communication computer skills and solving it helps me to to to crack the interviews and to get a jobs.
Interviewer (1:09-1:11): What kind of practical work did you do?
Student (1:11-2:08): Now I practice daily typing, typing and R&D solving and and and in English communication. I I hear songs and I I read read books and I am doing inter inter app speaking. So it's help me to become It help me to communicate others and my improve my English and and computer skills are will help me to upcoming jobs. So I am practice that is daily in classrooms and and as a homework I do.
Interviewer (2:08-2:09): What tools or technology did you use?
Student (2:10-3:01): I use computer to type to increase my timing skills. And I I little bit know about computer excels and excels. And I know I am doing with AI, I speak with AI to improve my communication. And and I am also reading book and I I am I am hearing hearing I am listening some songs and the stories in English. It helps me a lot to to communicate others in English.
Interviewer (3:01-3:02): What skill do you use even now?
Student (3:02-3:43): Still, I am trying to use my skills, but I am I am poor, but I am do my best to increase my skills in a computer knowledge and communication and the R&D solving. I am I am practicing that way. It's help me to do a do a to crack the interview, so I am daily practicing that. It's helpful for me.
Interviewer (3:43-3:45): Which skill helped you the most during studies?
Student (3:45-4:50): These skills help me to a become to get a successful job because in here in this country skill they they they provide many skills like interview skills, communication skills and computer skills and R&D solving problems so that those are those are helps me a lot to correct the interviews and to get a job and and some leadership classes some leadership classes are going they they that class helps me to how to public improve our public speaking. So it help me helps me a lot.
