---
student name: Sanjana K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2026-01-19 05:15:18
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:55): I completed my bachelor's degree in becom from Dharwad University. Uh now I am studying in Deshpande's scaling to build my to build my community English communication R&D and in and computer skills. It helps me to crack the interviews and to get a job. And to get a job it's very helpful helpful for me for taking a job a good job. So I am I am studying as a fellow in Deshpande scaling.
Interviewer (0:55-0:57): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:57-1:46): I completed my become become graduation in in Dandeli GFC College in from Dharwad University. Now I am studying in Deshpande Skilling in in to build my to build my communication skills and computer skills and R&D solving problem. This helps me to helps me to the cracking interviews and and get a job. So I am in now I am in Hubli in Deshpande Skilling.
Interviewer (1:46-1:47): Why did you choose this course?
Student (1:47-2:53): I choose this course because I was interested. I chose this course because I was I want to to become a I want to get a job in reputed company. So so the reason I want some skills like communication skills, computer knowledge and and how and how to get clear clear knowledge. It help RT is helping for that clearing M CAD. So I choose this course for my good career for my good career and career and it helps me to to get a job and cracking the interviews. Thank you.
Interviewer (2:53-2:55): What skills have you learned?
Student (2:55-3:54): हियर हियर इन देशपांडे स्किलिंग आई लर्न आई लर्न कम्युनिकेशन इंग्लिश कम्युनिकेशन एंड रीजनिंग एंड एप्टीट्यूड एंड कंप्यूटर सीन एंड वी आल्सो हैव सम लीडिंग क्लासेस एंड आई व्हेन आई एम केम हियर आई आई ब्रिंग स्टेज करेज आई गेट स्टेज स्टेज करेज एंड आई ट्राइंग टू स्पीकिंग कॉन्फिडेंटली एंड इट हेल्प मी टू इंप्रूविंग माय स्किल्स एंड नॉलेज एंड एंड आल्सो इट हेल्प्स मी टू टू गेट ए जॉब एंड क्रैकिंग द इंटरव्यूज थैंक यू
Interviewer (3:54-3:57): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (3:57-4:51): My education helps me a lot. I can use my skills to do my my building my career in a in in company. I I'm I use my skills in company to making presentation and preparing what they are giving. I will do properly what and English communication. I communicate properly and professionally. So this all are this all helps me a lot to build my good bet, good or better uh better career.
