---
student name: Sanjana K
topic: Career Goals
activity name: Short-Term Goals
session time: 2026-01-21 10:30:09
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What do you want to learn for your job?
Student (0:02-1:20): I want to learn advanced techniques techniques in my field so I can solve problems efficiently.
This will be help me enhance my productivity and deliver deliver better result.
I also want to learn the latest software tools relevant to my job which will be help me help me a lot work workflow and stay competitive.
Additionally I want to learn best practice in project management.
Interviewer (1:20-1:22): What skill do you want to improve for work?
Student (1:22-4:02): I on I I want to improve my skills like typing skills and new AI tools I can used. sorry. I want to improve advanced problem solving techniques. the latest in in the latest software tools relevant to my job and project management best practices. So I can enhance my skills and also I lead projects more successfully. I am practicing by taking online course courses on advance analytic tics and project.
Interviewer (4:02-4:04): What are you doing now to reach your goal?
Student (4:04-5:14): I I am preparing my I am preparing for a uh for a interview to get my get job so in I join the shunde skilling in the in this fellowship I preparing uh I preparing computer skills and English communication and uh and reasoning and aptitude classes that the classes are help for me to crack the interview and and get to get a job. so I am practicing hard to get a job.
Interviewer (5:14-5:17): What small goal are you working on now?
Student (5:17-6:31): a small goal for me is to get a job reputed company and I I want to enhance my skills.

small a small goal for me is to get a job reputed company that's why I am join desh pande skill it is helps helps me to to get a job and here we learn english communication and reasoning reasoning and aptitude and computer skills that's all helps me to reach my goals and I I am to reach my goals.
