---
student name: Sanjana K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Personal Background
session time: 2025-12-19 05:23:10
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Where did you grow up?
Student (0:01-0:19): I grew up in Mumbai it was a small town and I remember I used to go to and I am good I am good I am going to buy a lot of
Interviewer (0:19-0:20): What was your childhood like?
Student (0:20-0:50): Where did you grow up? What was your childhood like?
Interviewer (0:50-0:52): What languages do you speak?
Student (0:52-1:10): I'm not doing something I want to do. So it's something I'm getting into, and I will be working at a coffee shop soon. I'm going to be working at a coffee shop and I will be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm going to be working at a coffee shop, and I'm
Interviewer (1:10-1:13): What is something interesting about your hometown?
Student (1:13-1:37): I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I'm just talking. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it.
Interviewer (1:37-1:40): How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
Student (1:40-1:53): I am hard working and good at learning new things and I am a good person. I am hard working. I am a quick learner. I am a quick learner.
