---
student name: Shilata R Kadam
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: What I Can Do
session time: 2026-01-09 05:11:43
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What kind of work can you do well?
Student (0:01-0:28): वन काइंड वर्क गिव टू वेल अ देन आई एम ऑलवेज रेडी टू लर्न न्यू थिंग्स आई एम हार्ड वर्किंग पर्सन टू इंप्रूव माय स्किल्स एंड डेवलप माय स्किल्स सो आई विल काइंड ऑफ वर्क इन माय टू डू माय बेस्ट सो
Interviewer (0:28-0:29): What tasks do you usually do without help?
Student (0:29-1:27): Actually, I usually do I can manage of lot of things. Uh what you um give me task any one task, no. I'm usually uh without uh anyone help I will uh can do it. But sometime in uh uh I am help but uh this situation is no can help me. So I will do my work is uh without help. Any help. So, this is uh Uh uh uh and I will uh work in uh I am task give me task. So, I am uh without uh any help I will do. Uh sometime my no one can my help. So, I will my task is completed, no one help me. So, I will uh my task without help, I completed. Already, uh I will experience this.
Interviewer (1:27-1:28): What do people ask you to help with?
Student (1:28-2:09): यस अ डेली लाइफ अ पीपल आस्क मी समटाइम आस्क अ क्यान यू हेल्प मी सो आई ऑलवेज रेडी टू हेल्प मी देन देन एजुकेशन बैकग्राउंड देन डेली रूटीन दे देन देन मेनी थिंग्स पीपल आस्क सो आई विल हेल्प एनीवन हेल्प हेल्पिंग नेचर इज नेक्चर इज गुड देन यू एनीवन हेल्प सो वन डे यू यू यू कैन हेल्प सो आई विल एनीवन हेल्प इन
Interviewer (2:09-2:10): What is something you learned to do recently?
Student (2:10-3:02): I'm recently some time in learning to do recently. I'm learning to this recently lots of things. This like this, um, you can help anyone but never help you. you some time you. I'm learning lots of them daily life. Uh, this adjusting some places. You never know this. Language, but you're adjusting here. I'm suffering here lots of time. I'm not starting I'm not adjusting but I'm learn, uh, I'm addressing. This is a thing I'm learning here. Come.
Interviewer (3:02-3:04): What work do you feel confident doing?
Student (3:04-3:58): What do you will gain confidence when I I feel confidence I handle the solutions the difficulties I'm I handle solving the problems confidence again then I will lot of time I don't understand the subject I will try try to solving the problem I'm I am searching the all of things then I'm practicing and I solve the problem then then my confidence level is gain. So I am practicing all of things and I am practice and I'm try my 100% then my.
