---
student name: Shobha R K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2026-01-03 03:07:50
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:34): I completed my graduation in school. Why I am taking the commerce in commerce. Here commerce and we understand lots of things and we learn multiple subjects in commerce and we know about transaction transaction and in commerce we learn lots of new things. That's why I admitted my studies in
Interviewer (0:34-0:37): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:37-1:13): I completed my study in I completed my graduation in Sri Institute of Technology and I completed my PUC in Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa College and I completed my SSLC in Government Girl High school in Sali. Now I am studying now I am studying in just Pandi skill. Why I am came here because I want to build my skills. That's why I came here.
Interviewer (1:13-1:14): Why did you choose this course?
Student (1:14-1:42): Because this course helps me I I have lot of quality in this course I learned lots of things how to crack and get exam how to get job in how to lead leadership qualities how to interact with strangers lots of things learn from this that's why I choose this course.
Interviewer (1:42-1:44): What skills have you learned?
Student (1:44-2:46): I learn a communication skill English school in not expert in English in I want to improve my communication in English because English is very helpful to survive everywhere and because I want to improve improve my English fluency because my mother tongue is Kannada. When I talking in English words only words in English tone is Kannada tone it is not good to get a job in MNC companies. And I want to get job in MNC and I gained experience MNCs also because they that MNCs are providing a very good future and
Interviewer (2:46-2:48): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (2:49-3:43): Education is very important to live on earth. Because of on earth lots of people are lived in on earth. Education is very useful to build our future better. Education is very important to by birth to after death. Education is education is not a education is not not have a full stop. It is an infinity. Because we learn day by day new things. That's why education is very important. In my life, education is very important because I easily understand other words. I easily understand what I read. And
