---
student name: Snehal Mali
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2026-01-02 02:55:46
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:23): I study in Bachelor of Commerce. Commerce, commerce, I have completed Bachelor of degree and then I am joining the DSF. I am joining the DET in Hubli because my improve English learning and communication skills.
Interviewer (0:23-0:25): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:25-0:49): I have completed a bachelor of commerce in CK degree CK degree high school CK degree college. They come in on Rani University under I then I went come to the because my English improved and joining the DT.
Interviewer (0:49-0:51): Why did you choose this course?
Student (0:51-1:17): I chose the discourse because I am interested in this course. I study in Bachelor of Commerce. I want to learn in how to account sales. I am so interested in accounting, but my account is very uh little bit weak, but I am solve the problems. I interested in commerce.
Interviewer (1:17-1:19): What skills have you learned?
Student (1:19-2:46): I'm learning so many things, how to calculate profit and loss account percentage average so many are funds I'm uh uh learned and help help help me, you know help me in lectures. I improved my knowledge and I experience is very good. My experience is very good. So many things are I am I learn I learn new things, how to calculate profit and loss account. Because I'm interested in common sector and my dream is get a job in banking sector, but not not but not I learn so many things are in my college because I learn how to calculate profit and loss account, percentage. So many are funds I'm learn because I'm interested in common sector. And my experience is very good.
Interviewer (2:46-2:48): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (2:48-3:57): My education help me how to calculate in speedly I I can use my skills to calculation I prepared for me prepared for me how to calculate in such a difficult situation and I properly my education use my education help me speedly calculate I can use my skills to improve my knowledge and difficult situation I am calculate speedly and I am I am
