---
student name: Soumya A Halalli
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: What I Can Do
session time: 2026-01-19 05:10:48
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What kind of work can you do well?
Student (0:01-1:24): I am capable to do any work. I am a responsible person. That's why I complete I complete I will complete any work. Then I am I am I focus on that work. And I have I I was suggesting that work. Then Patience is most important in our life. When we can start start our work that time we should first we should collect information about that topic. Then make a plan how to create how to explain next how to add a picture. Then
Interviewer (1:24-1:27): What tasks do you usually do without help?
Student (1:27-2:57): Basically, I can manage my tasks or work. In a simple work or some medium work, I can manage. But in a difficulty works or tasks we should ask ask someone ask ask help from others because we don't know about that work. Then we don't know about that topic meaning. That's reason we should ask ask help from others. This is not wrong. This is good. We know about that that topic. That's why I be be learn a new topic. That's why some situations I can manage my work, but few situation I can't manage at that time, I ask my friend, my trainers or my family, my sister, my brother.
Interviewer (2:57-2:59): What do people ask you to help with?
Student (2:59-5:15): I help with my family my friends and then maybe sometime I help sometimes how I can help with my friends. when my friends are asked questions to me that I that I answer that question. I know I know that answer that question. I should to I should tell that question then for example in class some students they don't understand the problem. I am when I understand the problem. they when they ask to me that time I must answer. friends sometimes I help I help my family and friends taking decisions. they are interesting to situations. then I suggest one situation. and then I help my sister and brother. when my sister and brother completing 10 necessity then what can I what next can what next that question can arising that time I refer this course you you admission there is close your admission this course there many times I help my family friends.
Interviewer (5:15-5:17): What is something you learned to do recently?
Student (5:18-7:42): I recently not recently I can learn how to communicate to communicate with others in professionally English I completed my degree but I don't know about how to speak with us and polite words then how to professionally speak speak with English Then that's why I joined the Deshpande Skill League now compared to before coming to the before came to the came to the many difference is there coming day I don't I don't speak about this much but coming day I speak too much I realized in out of five star I give myself two stars Then I now I learned RNA problem solving reasoning and aptitude first in first to I interested in mathematics because is my most most interesting subject then I learned learned about information Information about computer technology This subject is I learned I know about computer first I I have a computer certificate but I didn't know about about computer because I didn't I didn't correct type in computer That's why now I I learning so many things how communication skill leadership skill and strategic planning so many things I learning
Interviewer (7:42-7:44): What work do you feel confident doing?
Student (7:45-8:57): I feel confident.
I can't handle any situation by doing work.
I feel more confident, but sometimes I feel low confident.
Are you one example in a class teachers teachers give me some topics, then we should speak three to five minutes the topic that time I feel I feel I feel low confident.
I then to prepare for it.
Sometimes I prepare very well, but when I enter to stage that time I I forget it.
confident for doing feel confident.
This is difficult.
