---
student name: Soumya A Halalli
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-12 05:16:47
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-0:43): I am a hard worker. I think smartly. I am a calm person. In my free time I watch motivational videos and singing songs, listening music songs. When night time walking with my friends. These are all about me and I am become I want to become independent, financially independent girl and manager in a company. This is my dream.
Interviewer (0:43-0:45): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (0:45-1:41): I enjoy my free time. I more speaking with my family or more speaking with my friends. Then I watching I watch TV. Then uh scrolling reels. Then I watched motivational videos. And in my free time I clean my cupboard. I I perfect I am perfect in in my free time I cooking well.
Interviewer (1:41-1:44): What is important to you in your life?
Student (1:44-3:19): Family is more important because when I feeling not good that time I remember my family. And when I so happy that time I remember my family because family is my strength. Family is my backbone. In my family, my father, my mother, sister and brother. They are friendly with me that's why I in my life family is most important. And also my self confidence and self respect is most important in my life. in so many situation we don't nowadays students are forget their self confidence, courage and respect. In one situation many students go on the stage then sorry we have stage we have self confident and self respect.
Interviewer (3:19-3:21): What kind of person are you?
Student (3:21-5:17): I am a calm person. I am a friendly person. I am a healthy nature person. I am a calm person because by birth I am by birth do sting. I don't so many talks with everyone because I have nervous then opposite person how to take my speak then how to react my speak how to react there they are how to react my speak that's why I didn't speak with I didn't speak with so many friends I speak with little some friends. They are how many people understand me. I am a hard worker and a friendly person. Some people front up front up they think she is strict she is not a friendly they think but I am opposite. I am so friendly with few people. Then I am hard worker. When I work when I work assigned I am seriously completed that work.
Interviewer (5:17-5:19): What should people know about you?
Student (5:19-6:57): People know that I am honesty person.  
I don't talk like um some sometimes you know I speak like because depend upon the situation and then I am a hard worker and some people assigned their work to me. 
That work is my work as I kind of as I consider and I completed their work then I am a honesty person I am responsible person and so many responsibilities on me there is the family responsibilities sister sister brother responsibility then grandparents responsibility so many responsibilities on on me. 
Then I respect to each one that's why people know about me. 
I am in front of people they don't respect me but I should respect in front of me that's why they should know about me.
