---
student name: Soumya A Halalli
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-13 05:09:29
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-0:38): I am a hard worker, I am a calm person. I think smartly. Then in my free time I watch motivational videos in English also then I watch podcast. Then I watch some movies. In my free time I cook I cook then sing listening songs sing songs.
Interviewer (0:38-0:40): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (0:40-2:24): I more enjoy in my free time because in my free time I speak English I call to my family then we speak with them my mother, my sister, my brother and my father. then in my free time I speak with my friends, when I speak with my family and friends, they are in that time I feel so happy. then when I more is upset, that time I call to them they are inspiring me. that's why I call to them. next in my free time I watch I watch some motivational videos then time walking with my friends and then listening songs when I when for my mind is a stress next headache is start at that time we should we should ask some songs. Then our mind is better then last mode and that's why every day I I listening songs and singing songs.
Interviewer (2:24-2:26): What is important to you in your life?
Student (2:26-3:58): Family is more important to me because when I born and still my family is more important in my life. When I feel so bad and I am not happy and then I call to them still I am in hostel. That's why I I call to my family then a few minutes speaking with them my mind is automatically happy. Then yeah. My friends my friends is so important in my life. I have few friends in my life in my life. I have three my best friends. When I call to them are speaking next hour joking next some some moments very some moments very important to me. Thank you.
Interviewer (3:58-4:00): What kind of person are you?
Student (4:00-5:25): I am a calm person. I am a happy nature person. I am a friendly person. I am a calm person because I don't know about that because so many people are told me you are a very silent person and calm person. But my close friends are told to me you are not calm person. You are not calm person. You are not silent person. I am a talkative person but they knew about me that's why they told you are not silent girl. Then I am a friendly girl. In my life I have I have so many friends. I that friends that my with my friends I am so friendly with that persons. I am I talk to them. I play game to them. Thank you.
Interviewer (5:25-5:27): What should people know about you?
Student (5:27-6:41): people should that I am because some people know about know about me. I am a respectful person. I give respect for everyone and I I I take same respect. Respect I expect that respect from everyone. That's why people can know about me. Then I am a hard worker and silent person. I I am a I guess I am a silent person. That's why everyone know about me. Then when I a person take his work to me that time I that work is my work and I should complete that work then I am a responsible person.
