---
student name: Tanusha J T
topic: General talk
activity name: Travel
session time: 2025-12-25 07:28:57
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): Do you like travelling?
Student (0:01-0:31): I like traveling travelling because whenever I travel I feels happy and also I love the natures of every, every side. And whenever going to travelling whenever I will travel, I feel very happy and also visiting some places makes me happy and
Interviewer (0:31-0:33): Where did you go on your last holiday?
Student (0:33-1:44): On last holiday I went for an Mysore. I stayed for three to four days in Mysore because I went I went for Mysore on October. I love the Mysore and especially in Dasara times it looks very beautiful and so on last last holiday I went to Um On last holiday in October I went for an Mysore. I was stayed for two to three days in Mysore and also I love the Mysore place and its nature and everything. And why I went for an Mysore for a last holiday means it was a Dasara time it's look very beautiful in Dasara time to see an Mysore because the arrangement of lights in every street and every road. It looks so beautiful. So I went on last holiday for an Mysore.
Interviewer (1:44-1:46): Which is your dream destination?
Student (1:46-2:23): My my dream destication is Murudeshwara and Kashi. because I want I want to go for go for Murudeshwara and Kashi because I love the Murudeshwara statue was beautiful in the sea. And also I it's make me a feel peace. Kashi is my another destication because in Kashmi Vishwanath is an is a biggest Lord was in the city. And I love uh once once a time I want to visit that Kashi. Uh this feels me happy.
Interviewer (2:23-2:25): Who do you like travelling with?
Student (2:25-2:58): I like to traveling with the family and friends both because when I travel with them I feel happy. And and according to family and friends if I if I went with the family there will be more happiness and less enjoyment. And when I went with an friends, it will be more enjoyment and more funs and fightings will be there. It makes traveling and with traveling it feels very enjoy enjoyment.
Interviewer (2:58-3:00): What do you like doing on vacation?
Student (3:00-3:28): On vacation time I almost spend the time with my family and friends because I love the enjoying and I and visit the temples, temples and also I I watched the some web series and listen to a music and and which makes me a feel free and relax.
