---
student name: Tanusha J T
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-14 23:48:21
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-1:02): Hello. I am Shajadi. I completed my Bachelor of Computer Application in Modern Science College, Bangalore University. I love travelling and reading some literature and also I'm a creative one. I am the Coordinator students and I have participated in internship for six months of internship and I got certificate on it and my goal is to become a financial independent. I am getting financial independence. I am getting computer bachelor engineering and I am after and I am creative for mining and have a good nature.
Interviewer (1:02-1:04): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (1:04-1:43): uh almost whenever I get free time, I will love traveling. I like to go for some places or uh somewhere. It feels my mind free and also I get happiness. And also when I will get free, I will spend a time with my friends to share my audios, uh ideas and thoughts. And uh I love to spend almost time with an dogs. I'll I am love a dog. Uh when the dogs come with me or uh when the dogs will play with me, I feel so happy. And also I have interested in feeding some three dogs. Yeah, though.
Interviewer (1:43-1:46): What is important to you in your life?
Student (1:46-2:10): I hope my family and learning both is important because I want to take care of my family. I need to learn and I want to develop my skill. Yo, if I develop this skill and I was in good position, I can help my family and both family and learning is most important.
Interviewer (2:10-2:11): What kind of person are you?
Student (2:11-2:23): But sometimes I stay calm and sometimes I really get angry. It depends on my but I'm very calm and peaceful.
Interviewer (2:23-2:25): What should people know about you?
Student (2:25-3:01): Because if I'm not a lot of attitude and I won't speak with the everyone, but I I'm a friendly in nature. If someone is speaking with me, I will definitely response to them and also I will be respect their words and respect them. And I will almost time I will be stay silent because if there is anything to speak means I will speak out. If there is nothing to speak means I will stay silent.
