---
student name:  Varsha PS
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-20 11:04:06
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-2:26): I am watching Bollywood film, which I have ever watched in my entire duration. I like my film because they are thing different and because sometimes I am quarrelling with my brother and sometimes, I am talking with the comedy happens. And sometimes, I am reading planner and when I reach the right app by again. Sometimes, I am writing my movies and my sweet movies something, I can never forget. Because sometimes, in their real moment, when I was trying to remember. I am breathing. That looks I mean my sweet memories. That is my sweet memories. I am and I am spending a lot of time with family because there are so many members and the smallest is my family. And four members and my father is formal my mother is the officer and my brother is former my sister is married. This is my family comfort man. I am communicating with the sitting having message. I do not talk with us.  When I pray and talk with my spirit like that. My friends. But Today I am not spending time with my friends.  Not interesting. Spending time with.
Interviewer (2:26-2:28): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (2:28-3:49): tell me something more about yourself. What do you enjoy doing? I enjoy listening music, I like to talk about my family and my friends. I'm in my free time I'm talk and call my favorite and speak with the lot of them. I'm spending my lot of time with parents, I talk my friends also. I'm call my bestie is Khana and she's I tell about everything, she's suggest. This is wrong. This is wrong. And she's everything is now guiding me. It's around about me. Thanks.
Interviewer (3:49-3:51): What is important to you in your life?
Student (3:51-5:46): Family is most important because every movement supporting me any situation is backbone backbone of my parents and my family. Learning is most most important and most because hm self independent and financial independent is woman most important for women's. It's not a men. It's women is most important. Nowadays nowadays is struggle so many things and sometimes we purchase hm things but asking for my parents or my brother anyone ask for men give me sell give money I'm purchasing for and these things give that ask for us but hm I am I am going for job and do work and doing earning some money it's everyone respecting for me and their position is very high that that's why most is important.
Interviewer (5:46-5:48): What kind of person are you?
Student (5:48-8:17): I'm a calm person.
What kind of person?
I am a good person.
Because I am not dog to anyone.
I'm a calm person.
I am talk calm as friendly person also.
I am friendly person.
But some before coming in reality talk with angry in my friends and I'm I'm not angry person.
Good person.
I am not tough with boys but I'm that thing I talk with him spending lot fun can get also.
But when before coming in reality I am not talk voice with my brother only and my and brother in law only I talk with boys.
No one I am not talk with voice.
And my friend, my friend my friend have friendly person.
My friend is pavana and rampriya or a Pavana is I'm sixth six eight and friends following eighth they are friendship in following eighth thing completed.
Ramya is degree on degree best friend.
She's good as I am in life she's suggest me.
Interviewer (8:17-8:19): What should people know about you?
Student (8:19-10:00): Angry person, know that I am a angry person. I am not angry person. I'm not student type person. But some people are don't know about me. I am good. Always trust and only trust only me. Don't trust. I'm not trust anyone. Because I fall down many times. some people shouting me and not good and shouting and. Girls are so many struggles I am facing that. Then they know I am facing more problems. And that that's why I am facing so many things but I am not ready. Duty struggles is most important and sacrifice anything is most important. Girls are. life. That is most important. Thank you.
