---
student name: Vinutha K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Your Education
session time: 2026-01-02 11:47:58
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): What are you studying / What did you study?
Student (0:02-0:19): I have completed Bcom at Kuvempu University in 2023 and recently I have completed Mcom at Kuvempu University in Shivamogga district.
Interviewer (0:19-0:21): Where do you study / Where did you study?
Student (0:22-0:59): I'm currently studying master of commerce at University in Shimoga. In my subject focus on accounting, finance, taxation, GST and e-commerce. It helps to improve my knowledge. And I completed in earlier education in Shimoga. I was graduated graduated in commerce. It helps to improve my knowledge and I learn more commerce knowledge.
Interviewer (0:59-1:00): Why did you choose this course?
Student (1:00-2:11): Actually, I have completed MCom. I choose this uh course because uh in I'm interested in uh commerce subject um and business related subject like accounting, finance, taxation. Uh in in my PU time, uh I like accounting. After I will taken uh uh BCom course. And uh completing the BCom, after I will take uh MCom. In my MCom, uh I will take uh two specialization subject accounting, finance and uh GST taxation. It helps to improve my knowledge and skills like uh problem solving and uh analytical problem and uh research. Uh it improve my knowledge. And it helps to in my future I I join any company, it is very useful. So, I choose course.
Interviewer (2:11-2:12): What skills have you learned?
Student (2:12-3:09): education I love many skills problem solving and analytical skills in my subject like accounting, finance, management, taxation, I improve my knowledge and improve my communication through the presentation, seminars, group discussion, and and develop the my confidence and and I learn time management and discipline and develop the leadership quality and maintaining the discipline. These are helps to these are skills helps to in my personal and professional life.
Interviewer (3:09-3:12): How is your education useful for your future?
Student (3:12-3:49): In my education is very useful for my future. Because I learn commerce subject. I learn accounting, finance, taxation. It and I learn how to business work and it helps to improve my communication and my presentation skills. And in my future, I join any company. These skills are very useful. So my education is very useful for in my future.
