---
student name: Vinutha K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Little more about me
session time: 2026-01-19 11:15:41
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:02): Tell me something more about yourself.
Student (0:02-1:27): I am Vinuta. I am from Shimoga. Recently, I have completed M.Com at Kuvempu University. In M.Com, I learned accounting, taxation, finance. During my education, I have completed one project on sustainability of e-commerce and its impact on consumer behavior. I'm a positive thinker and hard worker. In my free time, I do gardening work and read story books and sketching the arts. I am from supportive family. My father is a farmer, my mother is a homemaker. My brother and sister still studying. I want to become financial independent person. After completing the M.Com, I joining Deshpande killing because my English was not good. So now I am learning the English communication in Deshpande Killing.
Interviewer (1:27-1:29): What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
Student (1:29-2:03): in my free time I do gardening work and read the story books and sketch the arts. I like to listening the music and I prepare a dishes. I spend free time with my family and we play indoor games together. It helps me relax and it give more happiness.
Interviewer (2:03-2:06): What is important to you in your life?
Student (2:06-2:53): In my life my parents are very important to me. My mother teach me good values and many life lessons. My father always supports me, motivates me and guides me in every situation. Education is also very important in my life because it give me knowledge and improve my confidence level and performance and it helps me build a good future. And education helps to to get a good job in a reputed company.
Interviewer (2:53-2:54): What kind of person are you?
Student (2:54-3:33): I'm a hard worker and positive thinker and I'm a friendly person and sometime I'm very emotional person. Compare to others I am very different because I am ready to learn a new things.
Interviewer (3:33-3:36): What should people know about you?
Student (3:36-4:33): Yes, some people know about me. I am a positive thinker and good person and hard worker and compared to other I'm I'm ready to learn new things and I'm a strong person. And mentally I'm very strong girl. And sometime I'm emotional person and I like nature and I'm a calm girl. And I like silence. But I talking too much in my life.
