---
student name: Vinutha K
topic: Introducing Yourself
activity name: Current situation
session time: 2026-01-19 05:16:22
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What are you doing now?
Student (0:01-0:35): Now I am in Deshpande's killing because I want to learn skills and all that and technical skills. So I want so I join Deshpande's killing. Now I am in Deshpande's killing. In classroom we do interview activities. It helps you helps to learn new things and crack the interview.
Interviewer (0:35-0:37): How do you spend your time these days?
Student (0:37-1:47): These days I go to school college and participating the cultural events and play games and in my free time I do gardening and read the books. listening the music and watch the horror movies uh suspense trailer movies and read the uh poets books. And uh spent more time spend with my family and uh me and my friends uh play the indoor games. outdoor games. And uh I enjoy lot of time in free time and holidays uh holidays I go to I'm going to my grandfather home and go to all new places and learning a new things in my free time. I usually like gardening and sketching the arts. In my free time uh I do gardening and care the plants and sketching the arts.
Interviewer (1:47-1:49): What are you learning or practicing now?
Student (1:49-2:17): Now I am learning English communication and technical skills making excel hy and power point word and learning reasoning aptitude because I will search a job in reputed company. So these skills are very necessary. So I'm joining now I'm joining skill links so I learn English communication skill.
Interviewer (2:17-2:19): What job are you looking for now?
Student (2:20-3:03): I'm looking for a good job over a reputated company like accountant, banking jobs, auditor jobs. I'm not going to voicenger jobs. I want system work because uh I want to I want to build my career in reputated company because I want to high salary and get a good position in same company. So build my career so I want to go to reputated company.
