---
student name: Vinutha K
topic: Skills and strength
activity name: What I Can Do
session time: 2026-01-20 10:51:29
---

Interviewer (0:00-0:01): What kind of work can you do well?
Student (0:01-1:03): I can do system based to work very well. I have basic technical knowledge like Excel, PowerPoint, Word, MS Word. And I have a fast typing skill. So I am comfortable working on computer. I have studied B.Com and M.Com. So I am good at practical and commerce related work. I can handle task like data entry, account related work, documentation and basic auditing support. I am familiar with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint. I can carefully with my work willing to learn and try to complete my work on time. And I am comfortable with system work and ready to learn in a professional environment.
Interviewer (1:03-1:05): What tasks do you usually do without help?
Student (1:05-1:46): I can do system work on my own.
I am comfortable using a computer.
I can do data entry and typing.
And I can prepare documents using MS word and prepare a PPT presentation and make a video edit and I send a emails and creating meetings schedules and I give a presentation and I can use Excel for simple work and I can complete my task carefully.
If I have any doubt I ask for help and learn quickly.
Interviewer (1:46-1:48): What do people ask you to help with?
Student (1:48-2:25): People usually ask me to help with system work. I help with computer work like data entry, typing and preparing documents and preparing a PPT. I also help with basic Excel and MS Word work. Sometime they ask me to explain things clearly and I like helping others. I am patience and hardworking person and I am ready to support my team.
Interviewer (2:25-2:28): What is something you learned to do recently?
Student (2:28-3:22): Basically I learned to use PPT, MS word, MS Excel and I learned how to enter data create simple table and do basic calculation. I also improved my typing speed and English communication and I learned time management and team management skills and I learned problem solving skills.
I also learned how to send the email and how to create a LinkedIn account and how to create a schedule meeting and how to do in virtual meeting. And these are new skills I am practicing now.
Interviewer (3:22-3:24): What work do you feel confident doing?
Student (3:24-3:57): I am confidently doing computer and system work. I can use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, tally. I can do data entry typing because I know technical skills. My typing speed is good. I can prepare documents and PPT and simple accounts work. I can also give presentation clearly using PowerPoint. I try to complete my work on time.
